enDog says to Vaelen, "thankie!"
ZenDog nods to you.
Vaelen [to ZenDog]: you added word subs in it didnt you?
ZenDog says to you, "now it's essentially the way it was, except when 
people
 directly interact with it"
You nod to ZenDog.
Vaelen says, "Zombie Nation!!!"
You say to ZenDog, "and you can pluck it rattle it and free it."
ZenDog says to Vaelen, "yeah, though i ended up removing them, except when
 people talk to it directly or such stuff"
ZenDog says to you, "yeah"
Vaelen says, "Oh oohh! Oh oohh!"
You say, "i dont recall being able to feed it but you mighta be able 
to..."
Vaelen nods to ZenDog.
Vaelen feeds Poon Tang.
Cockatoo squawks, "try -cockatoo or `cockatoo (especially the latter)"
Cockatoo squawks, "thats the cock."
You tickle Cockatoo relentlessly!
Vaelen [to Green_Bird]: if you feed it, it goes off.
Cockatoo squawks, "thats the cock."
Sophist comes out of the closet (so to speak...).
cobot waits hopefully for a reward
Vaelen tickles Sophist relentlessly!
ZenDog changes its name back, so he doesn't forget before he passes out 
from
 drunkenness.
Vaelen [to Green_Bird]: whatch
You giggle at ZenDog.
Vaelen feeds Cockatoo.
Vaelen feeds Cockatoo.
Vaelen feeds Cockatoo.
Vaelen feeds Cockatoo.
Vaelen feeds Cockatoo.
Sophist grrrrrreets.
Cockatoo squawks, "Fuck Napster."
Vaelen feeds Cockatoo.
Cockatoo squawks, "coal chamber!"
Cockatoo squawks, "Man, I can't wait until Pootie Tang comes out!"
Cockatoo squawks, "Fuck Napster."
Cockatoo squawks, "coal chamber!"
Cockatoo squawks, "thats the cock."
Vaelen bravely gags the Cockatoo, ignoring nipped fingers and frantic
 squawking.
You say to Vaelen, "yeah i know. i meant "before""
Sophist smooches Vaelen.
ZenDog says to you, "i've done that several times before."
Vaelen [to Green_Bird]: yeah you allways could feed it.
(innards) Green_Bird [age]: sych
Green_Bird . o O ( er )
Morpheous first connected on Thu Jan  8 23:53:20 1998 PST
Which makes him 3 years, 5 months, and 20 days old.
However, for official purposes his age is 3 years, 5 months, and 10 days.
ZenDog barks, "feed works as it always has"
Green_Bird grabs a shovel and goes digging for cockatoo memories circa mid 
93.
You snuggle cozily with Sophist.
You say to Sophist, "how were the melon dreams?"
Vaelen says, "Cant anyone fucking mix/record songs right jesus h fucking
 christ."
ZenDog says to you, "if nobody interacts with is directly (i.e., shakes 
it,
 frees it, or stage-talks to it), then its the same as always."
You nod to ZenDog.
Sophist [to Green_Bird]: Explosive.
#112973:"``* `*"   any any any
 1:  "Copied from Psychotic Class of Players (#52563):` by ZenDog (#65101) 
Sun
 Jul  1 02:30:04 2001 PDT";
 2:  return #69602:(verb)(args);
You say to Sophist, "yay"
ZenDog says to you, "though that doesn't keep many cockatoo purists from
 hating me for what i've done to it."
You grin at ZenDog.
ZenDog smiles.
ZenDog shrugs.
You say to ZenDog, "i dont see anyone bitching about the addition of a
 couch..and then the modifications theretoo..."
You shrug in a noncommittal sort of way.
You say to ZenDog, "so why should they care about a little bird."
Sophist smiles.
Green_Bird doesnt know if it likes this stagetalk or the other better.
Sophist says, "Fuck everyone who doesn't like the modified cockatoo."
You say, "ya'll vote."
ZenDog says to you, "the one that added the couch is one of the ones that
 turned against me though. go figure."
You say to Sophist, "fuck everybody anyway."
You gasp at ZenDog.
ZenDog barks, "i did kinda go overboard with it for a while, but oh well."
You say to ZenDog, "the couch was yibs wasnt it?"
Sophist says, "Fuck them with a big rubber dick."
Green_Bird . o O ( is )
ZenDog barks, "rubber duck"
Sophist [to ZenDog]: It ruled, changing into a turkey and a raven. :)
Vaelen says, "Jeesh I cant remeber shit from back then."
ZenDog smiles at Sophist.
Sophist causes you to fall down laughing.
Sophist grins.
ZenDog says to Sophist, "the reindeer was the best though... well, that or 
the
 NYE drunk guy"
You say, "and speaking of that. didnt someone put a ballot togethter to 
change
 the social verb core to dump things like falling out laughing?"
ZenDog says to Sophist, "cuz people actually felt bad after gagging the
 reindeer"
Sophist [to ZenDog]: Oh shit, I missed those.
You giggle at ZenDog.
Sophist laughs... they felt bad.
Sophist [to Green_Bird]: I believe Stevage/Kobot had a petition to change
 "falls down laughing."
You nod to Sophist.
ZenDog barks, "but then the NYE drunk guy, all the manglings of phrases
 sounded plausible"
Allira exits to the north.
You say, "i said out. i MEANT DOWN."
You edit Green_Bird. Green_Bird rewrites, "So I mistyped something! So soo 
me!"
ZenDog barks, "it was kobot who had the laugh petition"
Vaelen says, "I cant belive this. Most open nap networks are located on 
port
 8888. duh.."
Sophist says, "I can't figure out where to stand so my Ultima character 
logs
 out immediately."
The Cockatoo wriggles out of the gag.
Cockatoo squawks, "coal chamber!"
You raise an eyebrow at Sophist.
You say to Sophist, "you could stand on my head."
ZenDog shakes the Cockatoo's cage.
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "i did kinda go overboard with it for 
that
 piece of shit so I can @gag it."
ZenDog shakes the Cockatoo's cage.
Cockatoo squawks to ZenDog, "the the latter)"
ZenDog shakes the Cockatoo's cage.
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "the one that added the couch is one 
of
 the ones that turned against me though. go figure."
Sophist says, "Woo, got it."
Sophist giggles at you.
ZenDog barks, "that was my biggest contributions to the bird - phrases 
mixing,
 when you shake it."
ZenDog shakes the Cockatoo's cage.
Cockatoo squawks to ZenDog, "the cock"
ZenDog says to Cockatoo, "that's your name, don't wear it out."
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "that's the one that added the couch"
ZenDog says to Cockatoo, "you said that, not me."
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "What is the cock?"
ZenDog says to Cockatoo, "is that a philosophical question?"
Cockatoo squawks to ZenDog, "that was that a philosophical question."
ZenDog cracks up laughing at Cockatoo!
You say to Cockatoo, "good one!!"
ZenDog says to Cockatoo, "that was incredibly straightforward and 
unambiguous!"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "try -cockatoo or `cockatoo 
(especially
 the one that added the couch"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "the couch"
Vaelen says, "Heh I just rip'd a JohnDigweed/Bedrock mp3 wee!"
You say to ZenDog, "indeed. one for the history books."
ZenDog says to you, "yup!"
Sophist laughs as she reads the cockatoo/ZenDog exchange!
ZenDog grins at Sophist.
Green_Bird should probably be getting frustrated with qmail rightnow and 
not
 mooing and eating doritos.
cobot gets a look of wistfulness in his eyes.
cobot disappears in a puff of logic, covering you with prepositions.
Sophist [to ZenDog]: Shit, that was probably the best one yet. :D
Sophist giggles.
ZenDog says to you, "mooing and eating doritos is the zen course."
ZenDog nods to Sophist.
ZenDog says to Sophist, "well, there was one before that rivals that..."
You say to ZenDog, "but it doesnt get work done.  well. i suppose it does. 
i
 AM moving doritos and even expanding my rather unsatisfactory waistline."
ZenDog says to Sophist, "someone said "that fish sucked!" and the cockatoo
 responded, "i was that fish sucked!""
You roll on the floor, laughing at ZenDog.
ZenDog barks, "er, it said "i WANT that fish sucked""
You heh.
ZenDog smiles.
You say to Cockatoo, "yay you."
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "that was my biggest contributions to 
the
 bird - phrases mixing, when you shake it."
ZenDog grins.
ZenDog teleports Parrot in.
Green_Bird shakes the Cockatoo's cage.
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "the that"
Green_Bird feeds Parrot.
ZenDog barks, "the parrot is like the cockatoo's evil twin."
Parrot squawks, "howdy!"
Parrot squawks, "semophore or whatever?"
You say to Parrot, "do you love me?"
Parrot squawks, "that's like 12.5% increase..."
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "and last year they raised it $0.25 too, and 
no
 nutcase, he makes a lot of money."
You say to Parrot, "because the cock doesnt love me."
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "because that"
You lick Parrot.
Sophist [to Parrot]: No nutcase? Is there a nutsack?
You say to Cockatoo, "your brother is cooler then you are."
ZenDog shakes the Parrot's cage.
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "No nutcase? Is there the assfucking 
they
 all took with all the dot-comedies?"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "the cock"
Parrot squawks to ZenDog, "Nobody wants to invest after that"
There is no player here of that name ...
Cockatoo squawks, "and you did a nice job on it, I remeber you working on 
it."
Parrot squawks, "but since there's no traffic, he just read a lot."
You roll on the floor laughing.
Green_Bird is tearing over the assfucking bit.
Parrot squawks, "that's all?"
ZenDog grins at you.
You say to Parrot, "no."
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "and last year they raised it $0.25 too, 
and
 no nutcase, he makes a lot of money."
ZenDog says to Parrot, "do you have any better lines?"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "do you have no traffic, he just read a 
lot?"
Green_Bird shakes the Parrot's cage.
Vaelen tickles Sophist relentlessly!
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "and last year they raised it $0.25 too, and 
the
 assfucking they all took with all the dot-comedies."
Green_Bird shakes the Parrot's cage.
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "he's the assfucking they all took with 
all
 the dot-comedies."
You say to Parrot, "you should listen more and talk to less."
ZenDog shakes the Parrot's cage.
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "he's that"
Parrot squawks to ZenDog, "he's the assfucking they all took with all the
 dot-comedies."
Sophist laughs.
ZenDog says to Parrot, "alright, we got the assfucking part."
You gasp at Parrot.
Parrot squawks to ZenDog, "alright, we got no traffic, he just read a 
lot."
Cockatoo squawks, "if you feed it, it goes off."
You say to Cockatoo, "you can out do that parrot cant you?"
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "you can out do the assfucking they all took
 with all the dot-comedies?"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "What is that parrot cant you?"
Green_Bird shakes the Cockatoo's cage.
ZenDog says to Cockatoo, "we noticed."
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "that piece of shit so I can @gag it"
Cockatoo squawks, "because the cock doesnt love me."
Cockatoo squawks to ZenDog, "What is a turkey and a raven?"
You say to ZenDog, "can they pick up each others lines?"
Sophist [to Parrot]: So tell us more about the assfucking you're so fond 
of
 talking about.
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "So tell us more about that"
ZenDog says to you, "hrm... not sure..."
Sophist [to Green_Bird]: Hee hee! You can outdo the assfucking.
You gasp at Sophist.
Vaelen says, "Fuck!"
Cockatoo squawks, "i did kinda go overboard with it for a while, but oh 
well."
Sophist [to Parrot]: You must think highly of Green_Bird.
You brutally anal-rape Cockatoo.
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "but since there's the assfucking they all took
 with all the dot-comedies."
Sophist [to Vaelen]: ?
Vaelen cant find a Midi recorder/composer
Sophist giggles at Cockatoo.
You say to Parrot, "NO more assfucking you lame bird."
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "the assfucking they all took with all the
 dot-comedies"
Sophist says, "That made cockatoo look like a major stud."
Cockatoo squawks, "Now I know what I got that thing @gag!'d"
Green_Bird shakes the Parrot's cage.
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "Nobody wants to invest after that parrot 
cant
 you."
Green_Bird feeds Cockatoo.
Green_Bird opens the cage, and Parrot flies out into the room and flutters
 about.
Cockatoo squawks, "your brother is cooler then you are."
Cockatoo squawks, "i dont recall being able to feed it but you mighta be 
able
 to..."
Cockatoo squawks, "if you feed it, it goes off."
You say to Parrot, "you cant parrot me? "
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "but since there's that"
You say to Parrot, "I see. so who can you parrot?"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "but since there's the assfucking they 
all
 took with all the dot-comedies."
You say to Parrot, "gah"
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "and last year they raised it $0.25 too, and 
the
 assfucking they all took with all the dot-comedies."
You lick Cockatoo.
Sophist laughs.
Green_Bird shakes the Cockatoo's cage.
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "thats that thing @gag."
Green_Bird makes a grab for the Parrot's tail. It manages to pluck a 
feather!
Sophist [to Parrot]: So last year they raised the price of the assfucking 
by a
 quarter?
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "and last year they raised it $0.25 too, 
and
 the price of the assfucking by a quarter."
Sophist laughs.
There is no player here of that name ...
You say to Parrot, "whee"
ZenDog laughs!
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "he's that"
Vaelen says, "Zombie.... Zombie..... Zombie.... Zombie natiooooon.....
 Whoa-oah Whoa-oa-oah Whoa-oah Whoa-oa-oah"
Parrot flutters back to Stetson's Log Cabin.
You giggle.
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: What do you know about your brother's special 
knowledge
 and/or extracurricular activities?
Cockatoo squawks to Sophist, "What do you know about That made cockatoo 
look
 like a major stud?"
You say to Cockatoo, "why cant you be more like your brother? HE takes it 
up
 the ass."
Sophist laughs!
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "well, there was your brother."
You gasp at Cockatoo.
Sophist giggles at Cockatoo.
ZenDog says to Cockatoo, "what about sophist's brother?"
You say to Cockatoo, "who told you about my brother!"
Cockatoo squawks to ZenDog, "the my brother."
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "because a nice job on it, I remeber you
 working on it."
You gasp at Cockatoo.
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: Are you trying to say that Green_Bird's brother 
knows
 about the assfucking they all took, as well?
Cockatoo squawks to Sophist, "Are you trying to say the cock doesnt love 
me?"
You say to Cockatoo, "shhhhhhh your not supposed to tell that!"
Sophist DIES laughing
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "that was your not supposed to tell that."
You giggle at Sophist.
You say to Cockatoo, "my cock loves you."
Sophist [to ZenDog]: I must say... thank you for these changes! Love it. 
:D
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "the one that added the couch is one 
of
 the ones that turned against me though. go figure."
ZenDog wags his tail at Sophist.
Sophist aws and pets ZenDog.
Green_Bird feeds Cockatoo.
Cockatoo squawks, "the couch was yibs wasnt it?"
Cockatoo squawks, "try -cockatoo or `cockatoo (especially the latter)"
ZenDog >>slurps<< Sophist!
Green_Bird shakes the Cockatoo's cage.
Cockatoo squawks, "That made cockatoo look like a major stud."
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "It ruled, changing into That made
 cockatoo look like a major stud."
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: Tell us what happened on the couch.
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "well, there was the couch."
You say to Cockatoo, "stop talking about the couch and tell me what you 
did to
 my brother."
Sophist laughs.
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "stop talking about a turkey and a 
raven."
Sophist laughs harder!
ZenDog laughs!
Sophist [to Green_Bird]: Now he's trying to cut a deal with you.
You say to Cockatoo, "wait. wow. my brother is a turkey..is sophist's 
brother
 a raven?"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "the my brother"
You say to Cockatoo, "what where they doing?"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "That made cockatoo look like a turkey 
and
 a raven."
You say to Cockatoo, "and your brother too? the parrot?"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "that was my biggest contributions to 
the
 bird - phrases mixing, when you shake it."
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: Who is the bigger stud, the turkey or the raven?
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "because the bigger stud, the turkey 
or
 the raven."
You gasp at Cockatoo.
ZenDog shakes the Cockatoo's cage.
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "and you did the cock doesnt love me."
You say to Cockatoo, "what about the parrot? what roll did he play?"
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "because the parrot."
Sophist says, "We have the cockatoo, Green_Bird, the parrot, the turkey, 
and
 the raven."
You say to Cockatoo, "because the parrot what??"
ZenDog teleports Parrot in.
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "that was the parrot what."
ZenDog shakes the Parrot's cage.
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "but since there's no nutcase, he makes 
a
 lot of money."
Sophist [to Parrot]: Your brother is talking smack about you.
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "Your brother is talking smack about 
you."
You say to Cockatoo, "yes that is the parrot. tell the parrot what you did
 with the raven."
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "yes that thing @gag."
ZenDog says to Parrot, "and you admit it!"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "he's that parrot cant you."
You say to Cockatoo, "oooh a little s&m birdie style?"
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "a little s&m birdie style"
Sophist laughs.
ZenDog grins.
You say to Parrot, "you better tell your side of the story. what you do 
know
 about sophists brother?"
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "Nobody wants to invest after your side of 
the
 story."
Sophist [to Parrot]: Is Green_Bird related to all of you?
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "and last year they raised it $0.25 too, and no
 traffic, he just read a lot."
You say to Parrot, "but i didnt tell! i swear."
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "you can out do your side of the story?"
Sophist says, "My brother is a Bear(tm), not a bird."
You say to Parrot, "yes i read a lot. what of it!"
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "he's a lot."
You gasp at Sophist.
You say to Cockatoo, "YOU DID A BEAR(tm) TOO!?!"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "thats A BEAR(tm) TOO."
Sophist [to Parrot]: Are you encouraging us to embellish our side of the 
story?
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "Are you encouraging us to embellish your side 
of
 the story?"
Sophist giggles at you.
You say to Parrot, "and you were in on this and didnt tell me?"
Cockatoo squawks, "coal chamber!"
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "and you were in on the assfucking they all 
took
 with all the dot-comedies?"
You giggle at Parrot.
You roll on the floor laughing.
Sophist [to Parrot]: I asked you first.
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "you better tell no nutcase, he makes a 
lot
 of money."
Sophist laughs
You roll on the floor laughing.
ZenDog barks, "our to your? damn!"
ZenDog barks, "i didn't code it to do /that/!"
You say to Cockatoo, "they paid you both a lot of money? or just your 
brother?"
ZenDog is scared now!
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "they paid you both a nice job on it, I
 remeber you working on it?"
Sophist giggles at ZenDog.
Sophist [to Parrot]: Your ability to learn has impressed even your 
creator.
I see no "cockaoo" here.
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "your side of the story"
You say to Cockatoo, "oooh. well yeah they paid me and the bear(tm) but i
 dunno about the turkey and raven. did they tell you anything?"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "oooh. well yeah they paid me and a 
lot of
 money."
Sophist [to Parrot]: It is everyone's side of the story. We all saw it for
 oursevles.
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "Nobody wants to invest after the story."
Cockatoo squawks, "thats the cock."
ZenDog says to Parrot, "you're like, haley joel osment, but really 
vulgar!"
You say to Parrot, "did they pay your brother more then they paid you?"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "Nobody wants to invest after your 
brother
 more then they paid you."
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "and last year they raised it $0.25 too, 
and
 that parrot cant you."
You say to Parrot, "only 25 cents more?? you poor bird."
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: You're the one who makes a lot of money, but we are 
not
 allowed to tell that to any nutcase.
You say to Parrot, "you should see my brother."
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "you can out do the assfucking they all 
took
 with all the dot-comedies?"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "i did kinda go overboard with it for 
a
 lot of money, but we"
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "you should see that parrot cant you."
Parrot squawks, "that's like 12.5% increase..."
You say to Cockatoo, "overboard? be specific. what did you do?"
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "that piece of shit so I can @gag it"
Sophist laughs... the birds talk of money.
ZenDog grins.
ZenDog barks, "greedy birds"
You say to Cockatoo, "you stuck a gag on the piece of shit?"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "a gag on the piece of shit?"
Sophist cackles! Cockatoo outdid the assfucking by going overboard for a 
lot
 of money!
You say to Parrot, "12.5% is 25 cents. ouch. they sure jiped you."
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "he's no traffic, he just read a lot."
ZenDog grins.
You say to Sophist, "i'm trying now to figure out how much 25c is 12.5% 
of.
 mack?"
Mack-the-Knife stares off into the middle distance.
Sophist giggles!
You say to Parrot, "reading in traffic can cause accidents."
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "but since there's that"
You say to Parrot, "is that how the raven got killed?"
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "and last year they raised it $0.25 too, and
 that how the raven got killed."
You say to Cockatoo, "what do you know? what were you doing with the raven 
got
 killed?"
Sophist laughs
ZenDog laughs!
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "well, there was the raven got killed."
Sophist says, "I hadn't realized that the raven was dead."
You say to Cockatoo, "did the turkey do it? or the bear(tm)?"
ZenDog says to Cockatoo, "stop the evasion."
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "thats the evasion."
Cockatoo squawks to ZenDog, "and you did a lot of money, but we"
You say to Parrot, "who killed the raven?"
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "Nobody wants to invest after the raven."
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: You told me that the raven had moved to Indiana!
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "thats that the raven had moved to
 Indiana."
ZenDog says to Cockatoo, "so it was a conspiracy?"
Parrot squawks to ZenDog, "so it was the assfucking they all took with all 
the
 dot-comedies?"
Cockatoo squawks to ZenDog, "so it was that thing @gag?"
Sophist [to Parrot]: I should think not, since the raven got killed.
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "and last year they raised it $0.25 too, and 
the
 raven got killed."
You say to Parrot, "right. but WHO killed the raven! what it the 
cockatoo?"
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "right. but WHO killed your side of the 
story."
You say to Parrot, "or my brothers?"
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "or that how the raven got killed?"
You say to Parrot, "singular."
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "he's no traffic, he just read a lot."
Sophist [to Parrot]: Was the raven killed in a traffic accident?
You say to Cockatoo, "we TOLD you not to drive and read! see now you 
killed a
 poor defensely gagged raven!"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "you can out do the raven killed in a
 traffic accident?"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "we TOLD you not to drive and read! 
see
 now you killed That made cockatoo look like a major stud!"
Sophist [to Parrot]: Perhaps he was reading while driving and drove 
himself
 into a tree?
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "you can out do a tree?"
You say to Parrot, "WHAT! so you did even more then just kill a raven and 
gag
 some shit?"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "who killed a raven and gag some shit?"
ZenDog laughs!
You say to Parrot, "and you even got paid for it."
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: So the raven got killed and that's what made you 
look
 like a stud.
Cockatoo squawks, "your brother is cooler then you are."
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "but since there's that how the raven got
 killed."
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "that was the raven got killed and 
that's
 what made you look like a stud."
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: I don't quite get the connection.
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "You're the one who makes the 
connection."
Jenfer comes back again.
You say to Cockatoo, "oh. now we get back to you sleeping with the raven."
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "oh. now we get back to you sleeping 
with
 the raven got killed."
Sophist laughs... Jesus.
Vaelen yawns.
Vaelen has disconnected.
You say to Parrot, "is this where the assfucking came in?"
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "he's this where the assfucking came in."
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: Who was sleeping with the raven?
Cockatoo squawks to Sophist, "You're the one who makes the raven."
Jenfer asks, "whats with all of the fucking birds in here?"
ZenDog grins.
You say to Parrot, "oh. who came in the raven first?"
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: I did not make the raven.
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "oh. who came in that"
You say to Jenfer, "watch and laugh"
ZenDog says to Jenfer, "long, long, nonsensical story."
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "I did not make a nice job on it, I
 remeber you working on it."
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: I did not 'make' the raven, either.
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "I did not 'make' the one that added 
the
 couch"
You say to Cockatoo, "so who killed the raven? was it bear(tm) or the 
turkey?
 TELL ME."
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "so who killed the cock doesnt love 
me?"
Sophist laughs.
Jenfer giggles.
Cockatoo causes Sophist to fall down laughing.
Parrot squawks, "bastards"
Sophist howls with laughter
ZenDog cracks up laughing at Parrot!
You say to Cockatoo, "so whats your story.  you know that the turkey has 
been
 missing since about 6 weeks ago."
Parrot squawks, "you can out do that parrot cant you?"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "because your story."
ZenDog says to Parrot, "did they kill Kenny too?"
You say to Cockatoo, "do you know anything about that? did you see my 
brother
 the turkey?"
Parrot squawks to ZenDog, "who killed the assfucking they all took with 
all
 the dot-comedies?"
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "do you know anything about that? did you 
see
 the raven got killed?"
Cockatoo squawks, "Your brother is talking smack about you."
Sophist says, "No one can outdo the parrot."
You say to Cockatoo, "YES i know the raven that got killed! tell me about 
the
 turkey!"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "the raven that got killed"
You say to Cockatoo, "turkey"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "the a lot of money, but we"
Sophist [to Green_Bird]: He's trying to tell you about your brother! Your
 brother is talking smack about you!
Jenfer asks, "is parrot a bot too?"
You say to Parrot, "and the bear(tm). I hear he got paid."
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "who killed the bear(tm). I hear he got 
paid?"
Sophist laughs!
You say to Parrot, "did you get paid a lot more then the bear(tm)?"
Parrot squawks, "did they kill Kenny too?"
ZenDog says to Jenfer, "yeah, same as the cockatoo, but with more 
obnoxious
 settings"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "so whats a lot more then the bear(tm)."
Parrot causes you to fall down laughing.
Sophist laughs... Kenny...
You say to Parrot, "NOT KENNY. keep kenny out of this."
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "is that parrot cant you?"
You say to Parrot, "kenny doesnt need another assfucking"
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "so whats another assfucking"
Sophist says, "Perhaps Kenny is the one who killed the raven."
You say to Cockatoo, "so, reading in traffic.  do you still love me?"
Jenfer giggles.
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "It ruled, changing into a lot of money, 
but
 we"
Parrot causes Sophist to fall down laughing.
Sophist says, "What a cynical attitude!"
You say to Parrot, "if you dont know i certianly wont show you. unless me
 gimme a dollar."
ZenDog barks, "another day, another assfucking, i guess."
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "you better tell a dollar."
Sophist giggles at ZenDog.
ZenDog grins.
You say to Cockatoo, "so. tell me about my brother and bear(tm)"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "so. tell me about the latter)"
Jenfer [to Parrot]: you want a dollar to be assfucked?
Parrot squawks to Jenfer, "who killed a dollar to be assfucked?"
ZenDog grins.
You say to Cockatoo, "well, he's a bear(tm) but i didnt think he liked
 turkeys. what do you know?"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "what do you know? what were you doing
 with a bear(tm) but i didnt think he liked turkeys?"
Sophist giggles.
Parrot squawks, "who killed the raven?"
The housekeeper arrives to cart Vaelen off to bed.
You say to Parrot, "the cockatoo killed the raven and got paid a quarter 
for
 it."
Parrot squawks, "who killed the raven?"
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "the cockatoo killed the raven and got paid 
that
 parrot cant you."
ZenDog says to Parrot, "that's what we're trying to figure out."
Sophist says, "I think they are fucking with our minds."
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "is the raven?"
You say to Parrot, "YES YOUR BROTHER!"
Cockatoo squawks, "thats the cock."
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "YES your story!"
Cockatoo squawks, "if you feed it, it goes off."
Cockatoo squawks, "overboard? be specific. what did you do?"
You say to Cockatoo, "no, you are the cock. that is the parrot"
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "no, you are one before that rivals that."
You gasp at Cockatoo.
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: Oh my god! You did it! You killed the raven!
Cockatoo squawks to Sophist, "What is my god?"
You say to Cockatoo, "what did they tell me about you?"
Jenfer gasps at Cockatoo.
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "I should think not, since a turkey and a
 raven."
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: Your brother is trying to frame you.
You say to Cockatoo, "correction. what did they tell you about me?"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "That made cockatoo look like Your 
brother"
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "YES that thing @gag!"
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: I am your god.
cobot has arrived.
Cockatoo squawks to Sophist, "I am the raven got killed."
Cockatoo squawks, "Cant anyone fucking mix/record songs right jesus h 
fucking
 christ."
You say to Cockatoo, "what? what did the turkey and raven do? they @gaged
 someone? was it bear(tm)?"
Parrot squawks, "is that how the raven got killed?"
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "what? what did your story?"
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "and you did the turkey and raven do."
You say to Cockatoo, "you know it will suck if someone scrubs you."
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "the raven got killed"
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: Only you can decide what you believe in.
Cockatoo squawks to Sophist, "that was That made cockatoo look like a 
major
 stud."
ZenDog says to Cockatoo, "so wait, you're the raven? and the cockatoo is
 really the dead one???"
You say to Cockatoo, "you should disable your scrubber."
Cockatoo squawks to ZenDog, "you should disable the latter)"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "that was one before that rivals 
that."
You say to Cockatoo, "WHAT! you impersonator!"
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "well, there was Your brother"
You say to Parrot, "THEY KILLED YOUR BROTHER!"
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "THEY KILLED that how the raven got killed!"
Jenfer says, "arg this is giving me a headache"
You say to Cockatoo, "my brother? the turkey? an impersonator? shirley you
 jest."
ZenDog says to Parrot, "that's very logical..."
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "my brother? the raven?"
Jenfer says, "nite all"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "my brother? that thing @gag?"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "Green_Bird's brother? this"
Sophist laughs... this is excellent.
You say to Parrot, "YES. No."
Jenfer goes away.
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "the turkey?"
Cockatoo squawks, "i did kinda go overboard with it for a while, but oh 
well."
You say to Parrot, "the cockatoo is the raven. the raven killed your 
brother
 and took its place as the cockatoo!"
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "the cockatoo is the raven. the raven killed
 that parrot cant you."
Sophist [to Parrot]: But you didn't get killed.
You say to Parrot, "wait. the raven killed the parrot? THEN WHO ARE YOU?"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "you can out do this"
ZenDog says to Parrot, "is that a challenge?"
You say to Parrot, "are you the turkey? are you my long lost brother?"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "who killed that a challenge?"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "are you the turkey?"
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "the raven?"
Sophist [to Parrot]: I would like to know how YOU survived where so many
 others have perished.
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "is this"
You say to Parrot, "wait a minute. so who got paid?"
Sophist grins at ZenDog.
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "Green_Bird's brother? a minute?"
You say to Parrot, "the raven is my brother? the turkey is impersonating 
the
 raven who is imperonatiing hte cockatoo...."
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "the raven is my brother? the turkey is
 impersonating the raven who is imperonatiing hte cockatoo...."
You say to Cockatoo, "help me. i am confused. who is who again?"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "That made cockatoo look like the 
cock."
Parrot squawks, "is that how the raven got killed?"
Cockatoo causes Sophist to fall down laughing.
You say to Sophist, "i suspect the parrot is not who it seems either."
Sophist laughs and laughs...
ZenDog laughs!
You giggle at Cockatoo.
You say to Cockatoo, "indeed. so who is the cock now?"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "that was the cock now."
ZenDog has trouble breathing.
You nod to ZenDog.
ZenDog says to Cockatoo, "who is that?"
Cockatoo squawks, "if you feed it, it goes off."
Sophist is in pain from laughing
Cockatoo squawks to ZenDog, "Your brother is talking smack about you."
You say to Cockatoo, "zendog has a brother?"
ZenDog says to Cockatoo, "who is my brother?"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "what do you know? what were you doing
 with a brother?"
Cockatoo squawks to ZenDog, "who is that piece of shit so I can @gag it?"
Sophist says, "When we say 'it,' we mean the cock, of course."
You say to Cockatoo, "who got paid? why did they get assfucked"
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "because YOUR BROTHER."
You say to Parrot, "and who killed kenny?!"
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "you can out do your side of the story?"
Sophist cackles madly at Cockatoo.
You say to Parrot, "I did NOT kill kenny! I deny all knowledge of kenny."
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "you better tell the assfucking they all 
took
 with all the dot-comedies."
You say to Cockatoo, "did you fuck my brother?"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "my brother"
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: What does his brother have to do with the 
assfucking?
You say to Cockatoo, "you fucked YOUR brother?"
ZenDog says to Cockatoo, "no, HIS brother!"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "the couch was yibs wasnt it?"
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "no, the raven got killed!"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "what do you know? what were you doing
 with a turkey and a raven?"
You say to Parrot, "WHOA! "
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "your side of the story."
Sophist [to Parrot]: Oh my god.
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "is my god?"
Sophist [to Parrot]: Did you hear what he said about you?
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "so whats the turkey."
You say to Parrot, "we're not talking about my side. we are talking about 
the
 turkeys ass."
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "Nobody wants to invest after my side."
Sophist [to Parrot]: Tell us about your side and why it would make a bad
 investment.
ZenDog says to Parrot, "who's on first?"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "and your story."
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "and the assfucking they all took with 
all
 the dot-comedies."
You say to Cockatoo, "who has been sleeping with the bear(tm)?"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "did you get paid the bear(tm)?"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "You're the one who makes the 
bear(tm)."
You say to Cockatoo, "and what did you have to pay them?"
You gasp at Cockatoo.
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "they paid you both That made cockatoo
 look like a major stud?"
You roll on the floor laughing.
You roll on the floor laughing.
ZenDog laughs!
You laugh out loud.
Sophist is sick with laughter!
Green_Bird dies
I see no "lmj" here.
Cockatoo squawks, "try -cockatoo or `cockatoo (especially the latter)"
You say to Cockatoo, "we love you."
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "thats the couch"
You say to Parrot, "and you. who fucked your brother and got paid for it?"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "Nobody wants to invest after your 
brother
 and got paid for it."
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: Your self-promotion is what makes you look like a 
major
 stud.
Cockatoo squawks to Sophist, "Your self-promotion is what makes you look 
like
 a major stud."
You say to Cockatoo, "no, we like the couch. we love you."
Parrot squawks, "so whats your story.  you know that the turkey has been
 missing since about 6 weeks ago."
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "no, we like your side of the story."
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "I should think not, since the couch."
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: Well, yes, me too.
Cockatoo squawks to Sophist, "they paid you both that thing @gag?"
You roll on the floor, laughing at Sophist.
You say to Parrot, "you cant HANDLE my side of the story."
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "you cant HANDLE a lot more then the
 bear(tm)."
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: I never said I got paid.
Cockatoo squawks, "if you feed it, it goes off."
You say to Cockatoo, "what about the couch? you did it on the couch?"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "and you did the couch."
Parrot causes Sophist to fall down laughing.
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "your brother is cooler then you are."
You roll on the floor laughing.
You say, "hand...bear...rofl."
Guest comes out of the closet (so to speak...).
You say to Cockatoo, "what makes you go off?"
ZenDog cracks up again.
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "You're the one who makes the cock."
Sophist says, "Is there anyone here who can handle the Bear(tm)?"
You roll on the floor laughing.
You say to Cockatoo, "WOW"
Sophist giggles.
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "they paid you both the raven got killed?"
You say to Cockatoo, "you said you were the raven."
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "i did kinda go overboard with it for 
the
 raven."
Sophist says, "What is it that the cock is made to do?"
Guest 
You say to Cockatoo, "lets get back to the turkey. when did you see my 
brother
 last?"
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "the turkey"
Sophist grins at Guest.
You say to Cockatoo, "and how long did my brother last?"
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "You're the one who makes my brother 
last."
You roll on the floor laughing.
Guest sighs loudly.
Sophist [to Green_Bird]: He's calling you a fluffer!
Sophist laughs
Green_Bird is lagying so hard he cant type
You say, "laughing"
Sophist giggles at you.
You say to Cockatoo, "who's your daddy."
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "That made cockatoo look like a major 
stud."
ZenDog laughs!
You say to Parrot, "do you still love your brother?"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "you can out do your brother?"
You roll on the floor laughing.
Sophist [to Parrot]: So, tell us how he makes you last. Give us glorious
 details.
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "the assfucking they all took with all the
 dot-comedies."
You say to Parrot, "oh, by miles!"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "who killed your story?"
Sophist laughs
You say, "someone has to be loggin this"
You say, "this kicks ass"
You say, "no one will believe us"
Sophist [to Parrot]: Did someone pay you to not talk about your side of 
the
 story?
You say to Cockatoo, "you want my story?"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "Did someone pay you to not talk about 
your
 story?"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "that was my story."
You say to Parrot, "YOU killed my story!"
Parrot squawks, "arg this is giving Jenfer a headache"
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "Nobody wants to invest after my story."
Sophist laughs!
You say to Cockatoo, "it was not!! its MY story!"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "it was not!! the cock doesnt love 
me!"
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: That's your story and you're sticking to it.
You say to Parrot, "what? what? jenfer? what did you get paid to do to 
jenfer?
 did it involve bear(tm)?"
Cockatoo squawks to Sophist, "That's that thing @gag."
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "Green_Bird's brother? this"
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: You must love yourself, for if you do not, no one 
will.
Cockatoo squawks to Sophist, "it was not!! no one"
You say to Cockatoo, "thats because you are the raven and killed the cok."
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "it was not!! the raven and killed the 
cok!"
You say to Parrot, "lets get back to getting paid.  how much for an ass
 fucking?"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "lets get back to getting paid.  how 
much
 for the assfucking they all took with all the dot-comedies."
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: You don't have to be so defensive. We will work 
with
 you. We are here to help you.
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "so wait, you're that"
You say to Cockatoo, "cock. not cok. you must learn to read my typos."
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "cock. not cok. you must learn to read a
 while, but oh well."
You roll on the floor laughing.
Sophist says, "Just don't read while in traffic."
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "so whats the assfucking they all took 
with
 all the dot-comedies."
You say to Parrot, "you got fucked at a comedy?"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "you got fucked at the turkey?"
Sophist [to Parrot]: Now, back to the raven.
You roll on the floor laughing.
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "is the raven?"
You say to Parrot, "dont talk about my brother like that!"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "you got fucked at my brother like 
that?"
You roll on the floor laughing.
You say to Cockatoo, "they say i fucked you. is it true?"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "That made cockatoo look like a major
 stud."
ZenDog laughs!
ZenDog groans.
tsr is logging this but has cockatoos gagged
You say to Cockatoo, "i really dont remember that night."
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "i really dont remember one before that 
rivals
 that."
You heh at tsr.
You say to tsr, "you are SO missing out."
Sophist [to Parrot]: Who is the raven?
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "you better tell the raven."
Guest goes home.
You say to Cockatoo, "are you missing out? where is the raven?"
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "you got fucked at the raven?"
You say to Cockatoo, "no, it was a turkey but thats beside the point."
ZenDog says to Cockatoo, "is The Raven some nightclub?"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "that was a turkey but thats beside 
the
 point."
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "the one that added the couch is one 
of
 the ones that turned against me though. go figure."
You say to Cockatoo, "where is the raven and why did you get paid to @gag
 shit?"
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "where is my brother like that?"
You say to Parrot, "did you hear what he said about you?"
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "and your side of the story."
You say to Cockatoo, "what is your brother like.  "
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "what is that piece of shit so I can @gag 
it."
Sophist giggles at Cockatoo.
I don't understand that.
You say to Cockatoo, "parrot."
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "You must love yourself, for if you do 
not,
 a lot more then the bear(tm)."
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: Now you sound like a hardcore MOOer.
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "YES the couch"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "your brother is cooler then you are."
You say to Cockatoo, "do you love the parrot?"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "you got fucked at the parrot?"
You say to Parrot, "do you still lvoe me?"
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: You sure are excited about the couch.
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "did you get paid no one"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "You sure are excited about the 
latter)"
You say to Parrot, "no one paid me! YOU got paid"
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "no one paid me! YOU got paid"
You say to Cockatoo, "money is fun. pay me."
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "it was not!! that piece of shit so I can 
@gag
 it!"
Sophist [to Parrot]: He is excited about getting paid. No one can blame 
him.
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "Nobody wants to invest after No one can
 blame him."
Q-tip teleports in.
Q-tip goes home.
You say to Cockatoo, "so, now, back to what you did with my brother the
 turkey, a raven, and sophists brother bear(tm) late one saturday night."
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "i did kinda go overboard with it for 
a
 raven, and sophists brother bear(tm) late one saturday night."
Sophist laughs!
You say to Parrot, "and you. who got paid for what? we want specific 
details."
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "and the raven."
Parrot squawks, "Nobody wants to invest after the assfucking they all took
 with all the dot-comedies."
Eluisa wanders in.
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: I wonder if the raven got paid before or after the
 event.
You say to Parrot, "the raven is the only one that got paid?"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "I wonder if a turkey and a raven."
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "the raven is the only one that got paid?"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "is the assfucking they all took with 
all
 the dot-comedies?"
You say to Parrot, "thats what YOU said."
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "so whats that parrot cant you."
You say to Cockatoo, "who got paid? your brother says the raven got paid."
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "It ruled, changing into your brother 
says
 the raven got paid."
Sophist [to Parrot]: That is what we are trying to determine.
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "That is what we are trying to determine."
You say to Cockatoo, "what about the turkey and the raven? what did they 
do?"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "the turkey and the raven"
I see no "cockaoo" here.
ZenDog says to Cockatoo, "the turkey and the raven did the turkey and the
 raven?"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "one before that rivals that"
Sophist says, "Does this mean that they did each other?"
You say to Cockatoo, "so the raven is impersonating my brother? are we 
back to
 this?  so who are you?"
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "and you did the raven"
You say to Parrot, "and kenny. where is kenny?"
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "You must love yourself, for if you do not, 
the
 assfucking they all took with all the dot-comedies."
Sophist [to Parrot]: Is there anyone who did not do the raven?
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "you better tell the raven."
You gasp at Cockatoo.
You say to Cockatoo, "I DENY THAT. you take that back."
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "the THAT."
Sophist [to Parrot]: The assfucking could have been prevented if they had 
all
 loved themselves.
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "that how the raven got killed"
ZenDog says to Cockatoo, "was it like a circle-jerk thing?"
Sophist laughs.
Cockatoo squawks to ZenDog, "What is it a circle-jerk thing?"
You say to Parrot, "so you did all this for a dot-comedy?"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "so you did all the turkey?"
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: Oh come on. Surely you know what a circle jerk is.
Cockatoo squawks to Sophist, "Oh come on. Surely you know what the cock 
doesnt
 love me."
Sophist giggles.
You say to Parrot, "yes goddamit i did the turkey and he loved every 
minute of
 it!"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "Now, back to the turkey and he loved 
every
 minute of it."
Parrot squawks, "is that how the raven got killed?"
cobot waits hopefully for a reward
Sophist cackles madly at Parrot.
You say to Cockatoo, "the cock doesnt love you becuase you are a raven!"
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "the cock doesnt love you becuase you are 
a
 raven!"
Parrot squawks, "you got fucked at a comedy?"
You say to Parrot, "no, the raven got killed by the cockatoo reading in
 traffic."
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "so whats the raven got killed by the
 cockatoo reading in traffic."
Sophist [to Parrot]: That was quite a fucking if he loved every minute of 
it
 AND it ultimately killed him.
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "That was quite that how the raven got
 killed."
You say to Parrot, "of course your brother shouldnt have been driving in 
the
 first place!"
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "of course that parrot cant you!"
Eluisa says, "I"m sure this all makes sense to someone."
Sophist giggles at Parrot.
You say to Cockatoo, "when did your license expire? three years ago?"
Cockatoo squawks, "dont talk about my brother like that!"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "when did the couch?"
You nod to Eluisa.
You say to Eluisa, "we've been at this for hours."
You say, "omg the sun is up"
ZenDog laughs!
Sophist says, "Holy shit!"
You say to Cockatoo, "where is my brother!"
Parrot squawks, "Now, back to the raven."
Sophist laughs.
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "that was my brother."
You giggle at Sophist.
Cockatoo squawks, "your brother is cooler then you are."
You say to Cockatoo, "oh."
Sophist says, "Quite. Yes, back to the raven."
You say to Parrot, "it was YOU?"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "you got fucked at the cock doesnt 
love
 me?"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "did you get paid the raven?"
Sophist [to Parrot]: Forgive us if we get off-topic from time to time.
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "Now, back to your story."
Sophist [to Parrot]: My story does not involve the raven.
You say to Cockatoo, "yes i got fucked by a cock that doesnt love me. who 
is
 the raven?>"
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "My story does not involve the raven."
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "yes i got fucked by the raven got 
killed."
Jaybird flies in.
You roll on the floor laughing.
Sophist laughs... Jaybird flies in...
Jaybird says, "G darn."
You say to Cockatoo, "the raven got killed? but youi are the raven."
ZenDog wags his tail at Jaybird.
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "the raven got killed? but youi are the 
raven."
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "the raven got killed? but youi are 
the
 raven."
Sophist [to Jaybird]: Birds galore in here tonight. :)
Eluisa says, "Its insane."
You say to Parrot, "and what about jaybird? was he with sophists brother
 bear(tm)?"
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "you can out do no one"
Jaybird says, "I am trying to stay alert at work."
You say to Parrot, "I am not the raven!!!"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "I am not that parrot cant you!"
Sophist [to Parrot]: Don't insult him like that. He is at that sensitive 
age.
You say to Parrot, "your brother the cockatoo is the raven."
Jaybird says, "2 1/2 hours."
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "your brother the cockatoo is the raven."
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "who killed that parrot cant you?"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "Green_Bird's brother? that how the 
raven
 got killed?"
You say to Cockatoo, "but you said the raven is dead. where is bear"
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "the the raven"
You say to Parrot, "no! i hope not! tell me the turkey didnt kill the 
raven?"
Sophist [to Parrot]: I keep telling you, my brother is not a bird.
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "so whats the turkey didnt kill the raven."
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "I keep telling you, that how the raven 
got
 killed."
I see no "cokatoo" here.
You say to Cockatoo, "the turkey is in bear(tm)?"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "the latter)"
You roll on the floor laughing.
Sophist [to Parrot]: You should listen more carefully. You might learn
 something.
You roll on the floor laughing.
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "you can out do the raven?"
Jaybird says, "Smokey tome."
Jaybird says, "Time."
You say to Parrot, "i doubt it. can you?"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "you got fucked at your story?"
Jaybird says, "Haven't we all."
You say to Cockatoo, "are you really the cockatoo or are you the raven? 
and
 who fucked the bear(tm)?"
Parrot squawks to Jaybird, "no one"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "are you really my brother like that?"
Eluisa slips from the room without another word.
You say to Cockatoo, "and why are you leaving sophist out of this?"
Sophist says, "No one can outdo the raven. The raven's antics are what got 
him
 killed, after all."
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "they paid you both a nice job on it, I
 remeber you working on it?"
You gasp at Cockatoo.
Sophist says, "I paid them to keep quiet."
You say to Parrot, "thats what your brother said too!"
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "the turkey is in bear(tm)?"
You say to Cockatoo, "er. thats what your brother said too!"
Sophist [to Parrot]: So long as Bear(tm) is not in the turkey. That would 
be
 weird.
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "they paid you both your brother said 
too?"
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "You must love yourself, for if you do not, the
 turkey."
You giggle at Sophist.
Cockatoo squawks, "i did kinda go overboard with it for a while, but oh 
well."
You say to Parrot, "bear(tm) ate out my brother?"
Sophist [to Parrot]: If I do not love myself, the turkey will love me.
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "bear(tm) ate out no one"
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "If I do not love myself, a lot more then the
 bear(tm)."
You say to Parrot, "is that where the shit @gag came in? and he got paid 
to do
 it?"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "is no one"
You roll on the floor laughing.
Cockatoo squawks, "thats the cock."
Sophist cackles madly at Cockatoo.
You say to Parrot, "no one? so who ate the turcky"
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "no one? so who ate the turcky"
You say to Cockatoo, "thats no cock thats you."
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: That sums it all up!
You say to Parrot, "i asked you first."
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "that thing @gag"
Cockatoo squawks to Sophist, "they paid you both one before that rivals 
that?"
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "thats the turkey"
You roll on the floor laughing.
Jaybird stares off into the middle distance.
           (\/)
Green_Bird  \/  ZenDog
You say to Parrot, "who's your daddy?"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "who's that parrot cant you?"
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: You used @gag on the turkey. I wonder what the 
turkey
 did that set you off like that.
You say to Cockatoo, "where is kenny now? is he with bear(tm)?"
Cockatoo squawks to Sophist, "What is a nice job on it, I remeber you 
working
 on it?"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "That made cockatoo look like that"
ZenDog wags his tail at you.
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: I was working on it, but I had to stop when the 
raven
 got killed.
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "I was working on it, but I had to 
stop
 when a nice job on it, I remeber you working on it."
You gasp at Cockatoo.
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: I'm glad you think I did a nice job on it.
You say to Cockatoo, "thing. who paid off the turkey?"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "thing. who paid off that"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "your brother is cooler then you are."
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: Considering that it resulted in death.
Parrot squawks, "2 1/2 hours."
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "well, there was that it resulted in
 death."
Snowy steps in.
You say to Cockatoo, "sophist always does nice work, wouldnt you agree?"
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "you got fucked at that piece of shit so I 
can
 @gag it?"
Sophist laughs
You say to Parrot, "it took two and a half hours to eat out the turkey?"
Parrot squawks, "and what about jaybird? was he with sophists brother
 bear(tm)?"
You roll on the floor laughing.
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "it took the turkey?"
I don't understand that.
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: So you think I do nice job of watching him get 
fucked.
Cockatoo squawks to Sophist, "You sure are excited about a while, but oh 
well."
Snowy hrms.
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "a comedy"
Sophist [to Parrot]: Your brother knows that I like to watch.
You say to Parrot, "yes! he was!"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "Your brother knows your side of the 
story."
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "the raven"
Snowy bravely gags the Parrot, ignoring nipped fingers and frantic 
squawking.
You say to Cockatoo, "sophist likes to watch? "
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "the Your brother knows that I like to 
watch."
You cry at Snowy.
Snowy bravely gags the Cockatoo, ignoring nipped fingers and frantic 
squawking.
You slap Snowy about the side of the face with a length of thin ethernet.
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: What are the things that you like to watch?
Snowy steals your candy.
You say to Snowy, "spoilsport."
ZenDog hrms. Should I make them temporarily ungaggable? ;)
Sophist [to ZenDog]: YES
You giggle at ZenDog.
Snowy [to ZenDog]: No.
        (\/)
Sophist  \/  ZenDog
ZenDog has received your page.
Sophist [to Parrot]: The story about the raven will resume in a moment.
Snowy [to ZenDog]: You've made the Cockatooa annoying enough.  Stop while
 you're ahead.
Snowy -a
You say to Cockatoo, "when you awake, you will tell us about the turkey? 
and
 what he did with bear(tm)?"
Sophist giggles at you.
Green_Bird offers food to Cockatoo, even though it is gagged. Cockatoo 
tries
 to eat the food anyway. How cruel!
#86673:smile grin chuckle laugh giggle mgrin agree bow eyebrow cry bite 
disagree eye gasp shrug slap yawn nod hug tickle lick wave applaud wink 
snicker razz cheer kick smirk hmm ack cackle stalk sigh cringe shudder 
rofl 
curtsey foo bounce blush spin strut stroke ponder worship pout pounce arm 
kiss 
tackle snoodle boggle purr hold shake poke twiddle smooch snuggle flip 
nuzzle 
bop woo roll growl stomp trip fall mutter fsnap, line 11:  Invalid 
indirection
... called from #6:my_huh (this == #112973), line 26
... called from #7069:my_huh (this == #112973), line 2
... called from #26026:my_huh (this == #112973), line 2
... called from #40099:my_huh (this == #112973), line 4
... called from #219:do_huh, line 13
... called from #1:huh (this == #17), line 2
(End of traceback)
Green_Bird shakes the Parrot's cage.
Green_Bird grabs Snowy's hand, and shoves it up its own ass, wanting to 
play
 puppet for the masses.
Snowy wiggles his fingers, causing Green_Bird to squeak out, "Your brother
 knows that I like to watch."
Faethor teleports in.
Sophist says, "I need a cereal bar."
Sophist shall retur-ur-ur-urn.
You giggle at Sophist.
You say to ZenDog, "nonetheless that was pure entertainment."
ZenDog nods to you.
You say to ZenDog, "total dog-comedy."
You say to ZenDog, "dot too"
You cuddle sweetly with Parrot.
ZenDog looks into making it ungaggable and unscrubbable but hrm, i've made 
the
 code too convoluted for my own good.
Abraxas looks around for signs of intelligent life oh never mind.
You giggle.
You say to Abraxas, "you missed all the fun."
You rub your feet on the carpet and ***ZAP*** Snowy with pent-up static
 electricity.
Abraxas [to Green_Bird]: story of my life.
ZenDog barks, "okay, i set the gag time (to take effect when it ungags 
itself_
 from 500 to 1, and set unscrubbable to 0... hopefully that'll work... but
 don't let me forgot to reset it."
ZenDog smiles.
Abraxas o/~ strangers in the night, exchanging semen o/~
You giggle.
Green_Bird offers food to Cockatoo, even though it is gagged. Cockatoo 
tries
 to eat the food anyway. How cruel!
Abraxas says, "it's going to thunderstorm today"
Abraxas says, "then get cooler"
ZenDog nods to Abraxas.
ZenDog says to Abraxas, "thunderstorms tend to do that."
Abraxas exclaims, "ZenD-ee-ZenD-o, The ZenDness, Shama Lama ZenDogman,
 ZenDicious, Baron von ZenDhausen, ZenDito bandito, ZenDola, ZenDarama, El
 ZenDo, ZenDog!"
Abraxas says, "but very slowly"
Green_Bird would like to see the humidty drop below 100%
Faethor teleports out.
ZenDog grins at Abraxas.
Abraxas nodnodnodses to you.
You say to Abraxas, "its been 100+ down here since mid week...and even 
before
 that too but i wasnt paying attn"
Abraxas says, "93 at 11 am to 92 at noon to 91 at 1 and then finally, 87 
at
 2pm"
You say to Abraxas, "only getting into the low 80s as a high though."
Abraxas nods to you.
ZenDog wonders how he could possibly use his cockatoo-mods as evidence 
that
 his life thus far hasn't been a waste, when he goes to his high-school
 reunion in a few weeks.
You giggle at ZenDog.
ZenDog grins.
Abraxas [to ZenDog]: hook it up to a tts engine and wireless modem
ZenDog nods to Abraxas.
The Cockatoo wriggles out of the gag.
Cockatoo squawks, "What is that piece of shit so I can @gag it?"
Green_Bird ponders. "they dont call dropouts back for reunions do they?"
You say to Cockatoo, "so, about my brother."
Abraxas [to Green_Bird]: they call people back for reunions?
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "so, about the cock doesnt love me."
You say to Cockatoo, "where is the turkey now."
ZenDog says to you, "i dunno..."
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "That made cockatoo look like the 
turkey
 now."
You shrug noncommittally at Abraxas
Abraxas [to Green_Bird]: I thought it was one of those things where you 
just
 went if you sorta remembered.
You say to Abraxas, "how else do people know they happen?"
Abraxas [to Green_Bird]: dunno.  missed mine entirely.
You say to Cockatoo, "the cockatoo is the turkey now??"
You say to Abraxas, "ah."
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "that thing @gag"
ZenDog barks, "they sent my invitation to my dad's auto parts store"
You say to Cockatoo, "so where is the raven?"
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "YES the raven!"
Abraxas wasn't sad about that either.
You giggle at ZenDog.
You say to Cockatoo, "but where. and did he get paid?"
Abraxas [to ZenDog]: what kinda parts?
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "You're the one who makes the one that
 added the couch"
ZenDog says to you, "but it got to me..."
You nod to ZenDog.
ZenDog says to Abraxas, "auto"
ZenDog grins at Abraxas.
Abraxas [to ZenDog]: mopar or what?
Jaybird says, "Can't we argue about arbitration?"
Abraxas loves auto parts.
You say to Cockatoo, "what you you know about the jaybird vs bear(tm)
 incident?"
ZenDog says to Abraxas, "alternators, starters, belts, hoses, spark plugs,
 water pumps, etc... for average cars... mostly domestic"
Abraxas nods to ZenDog.
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "the jaybird vs bear(tm) incident"
cobot waits hopefully for a reward
Abraxas [to ZenDog]: probably mopar, then.  kewl.
You say to Cockatoo, "yes. what about it?"
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "i did kinda go overboard with it for your
 brother"
You say to Cockatoo, "oh? what did you tell my brother about it?"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "What is it my brother about it?"
ZenDog says to Abraxas, "well, we have a mopar catalog we can order from 
if
 people want genuine mopar stuff"
Abraxas nods to ZenDog.
You say to Cockatoo, "your brother still gagged. or soemthing.  what about 
my
 brother? where is key?"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "Your brother knows that I like to 
watch."
You say to Cockatoo, "he."
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "the one that added the couch is one 
of
 the ones that turned against me though. go figure."
ZenDog eeks at Ccckatoo.
You say to Cockatoo, "you like to watch!"
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "and you did a turkey and a raven."
You say to Cockatoo, "did you watch sophist and the raven?"
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "did you watch sophist and YOUR BROTHER?"
You roll on the floor laughing.
Sophist displays this scandalous idle message.
Jaybird stares off into the middle distance.
Cockatoo squawks, "coal chamber!"
You say to Cockatoo, "of course i did!"
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "You sure are excited about Your brother"
Abraxas [to ZenDog]: I've been looking all over for a cargo tray for my 
van,
 and the last store I asked said they discontinued it.  I've been looking 
all
 over since then for anybody who might have it in stock.
You say to Cockatoo, "though i deny doing the raven."
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "though i deny doing its MY story."
ZenDog says to Abraxas, "tried dealers too? and junkyards?"
You say to Cockatoo, "what did you do to sophist?"
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "I should think not, since Your brother 
knows
 that I like to watch."
Abraxas [to ZenDog]: yeah, the local dealers are out of it.  haven't tried 
the
 junkyards yet, but that's next.
You say to Cockatoo, "what do you like to watch? details!"
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "YES a lot of money, but we"
Jaybird flies out.
You say to Cockatoo, "you got paid to watch sophist?"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "thats one before that rivals that."
ZenDog says to Abraxas, "yeah, look for junkyards that have vans like 
yours
 then have been in pileups or whatever, but have intact cargo trays"
Abraxas nods to ZenDog.
You say to Cockatoo, "oh? what was better then watching sophist?! "
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "the the fun."
You say to Cockatoo, "obviously. who was she with? was she with the raven? 
or
 even your brothe the parrot?"
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "obviously. who was she with? was she with 
the
 latter)"
You say to Cockatoo, "sophist was with the parrot and you watched!"
You gasp at Sophist.
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "That made cockatoo look like the 
parrot
 and you watched."
You say to Sophist, "how could you!"
You roll on the floor laughing.
Abraxas says, "that cockatoo is more intelligent than a lot of the people 
that
 hang around here ;)"
You say to Cockatoo, "you look like a parrot now!? why!"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "Your brother knows a parrot now."
You say to Abraxas, "we had the parrot and cockatoo working a long story 
line
 for a rather long time. still spoilsport gagged them."
You say to Cockatoo, "what! what about my brother the turkey?"
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "what! what about the latter)"
You say to Cockatoo, "they are the same. have you seen him?"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "they are the raven got killed."
The Parrot wriggles out of the gag.
Parrot squawks, "thats what YOU said."
Abraxas [to Green_Bird]: where's the parrot?
You say to Cockatoo, "yes yes you killed the raven. tell me about the 
turkey"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "Now I know what I got the raven!"
You say to Parrot, "what did i say."
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "lets get back to this"
Abraxas [to Cockatoo]: quote the raven
You say to Parrot, "yes, lets.  do you know about the cockatoo watching
 sophist?"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "yes, lets.  do you know about the 
raven."
You say to Parrot, "sophist was with the raven??"
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "what! what about Green_Bird's brother the
 raven!"
You say to Sophist, "gah! confirmed! you..you.."
You giggle.
ZenDog says to Abraxas, "it was a big murder mystery, with lots of kinky
 elements."
You say to Parrot, "no you have it confused. the turkey is my brother. the
 raven is bear(tm)s friend."
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "no you have it confused. this"
You say to Parrot, "this what."
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "the things that you like to watch"
You gasp at Parrot.
You say to Parrot, "what do i like to watch?"
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "you can out do the turkey?"
You say to Cockatoo, "are you watching?"
Nightfox scampers in.
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "dont talk about that thing @gag!"
Nightfox leaps into the air and pounces on Sophist!
You say to Parrot, "maybe. would you like to try?"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "did you get paid your side of the 
story?"
You say to Cockatoo, "again, tell me about sophist."
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "Your brother knows that I like to watch."
You say to Parrot, "yes. 12.5% more then you did in fact.  did they pay 
the
 raven?"
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "yes. 12.5% more then you did in fact.  did 
they
 pay a lot more then the bear(tm)."
You say to Cockatoo, "who were you watching?"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "what! what about Green_Bird's brother 
the
 assfucking they all took with all the dot-comedies!"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "you missed all the raven got killed."
The housekeeper arrives to remove Parrot from The Living Room.
You roll on the floor laughing.
Sophist [to Green_Bird]: See, it was YOUR brother with the assfucking.
Sophist tackles Nightfox to the ground.
ZenDog teleports Parrot in.
Nightfox snuggles cozily with Sophist.
ZenDog wags his tail.
I see no "sophish" here.
Nightfox grins foxishly.
You say to Sophist, "oh, but the cockatoo was watching you and the raven. 
he
 likes to watch."
Sophist [to Green_Bird]: So THAT is how the raven got killed.
Sophist giggles.
ZenDog barks, "but who did the turkey fuck?"
Sophist runs her fingers through ZenDog's hair.
Parrot squawks to ZenDog, "so whats the turkey fuck."
You say to Cockatoo, "he also knows I like to watch."
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "You sure are excited about Your 
brother
 knows that I like to watch."
You say to Cockatoo, "what am i watching now."
ZenDog >>slurps<< Sophist!
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "what do you know? what were you doing 
with
 the raven?"
You gasp at Cockatoo.
You say to Cockatoo, "I deny doing the raven!"
ZenDog says to Cockatoo, "sophist is an exhibitionist."
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "sophist is that thing @gag."
Cockatoo squawks to ZenDog, "i did kinda go overboard with it for the 
couch."
Parrot squawks, "you got fucked at a comedy?"
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: More like an extortionist.
Cockatoo squawks to Sophist, "More like That made cockatoo look like a 
major
 stud."
You roll on the floor laughing.
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: I did NOT make you look like a major stud!
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "It ruled, changing into a major 
stud."
Cockatoo causes Sophist to fall down laughing.
ZenDog cracks up laughing at Cockatoo!
You say to Cockatoo, "sophist makes us all look like studs."
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "Your brother knows a lot of money, but 
we"
Abraxas [to Cockatoo]: don't you mean major spud rather than major stud?
You roll on the floor laughing.
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: Which is more important? Being a major stud or 
making
 an assload of money?
Cockatoo squawks to Sophist, "Which is more important? Being a comedy?"
You say to Cockatoo, "you like being a major spud?"
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "your brother is cooler then you are."
Parrot squawks, "You must love yourself, for if you do not, no one will."
Sophist giggles at Parrot.
You say to Cockatoo, "i know. he got paid more for doing the raven the you 
did
 too!"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "i know. he got paid more for doing 
the
 sun"
Sophist [to Parrot]: Except for the turkey, of course.
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "Except for your side of the story."
ZenDog says to Parrot, "you're very a serene bird."
Nightfox says, "Yosh"
Parrot squawks to ZenDog, "you're very the bear(tm). it hear he got paid."
You say to Cockatoo, "you did the son? who's son?"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "Now I know what I got the son!"
Sophist [to Green_Bird]: I was just about to ask that.
You say to Cockatoo, "was it sophist's son?"
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "you better tell no cock thats you."
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "the fun"
Nightfox says, "Sleep, draw, sleep, draw, write, draw, sleep... ugh"
Jumbuck comes out of the closet (so to speak...).
You say to Parrot, "really now!~"
Sophist [to Parrot]: Everyone is someone's son. Unless, of course, one is
 someone's daughter.
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "Green_Bird's brother? the things that 
you
 like to watch?"
[Jumbuck just looked at you.]
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "You must love yourself, for if you do not, 
one"
You lick Jumbuck.
Sophist grins at Nightfox.
Sophist [to Parrot]: I love myself. I want you to love me. When I feel 
down, I
 want you above me.
You say to Parrot, "what do you like to watch? do you watch the cockatoo 
with
 sophist?"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "lets get back to the cockatoo with 
sophist."
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "you can out do no you"
Sophist dies laughing
You roll on the floor laughing.
ZenDog grins.
You say to Cockatoo, "you DID do sophist! do you deny it?"
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "that was the one that added the couch"
Sophist [to Parrot]: No! No! Let's get back to the raven, god damn it!
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "No! No! Let's get back to no one"
You roll on the floor laughing.
ZenDog laughs!
ZenDog barks, "oh God!"
You say to Cockatoo, "you did sophist on the couch! you dont deny it!"
Parrot squawks, "Nobody wants to invest after the assfucking they all took
 with all the dot-comedies."
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "what do you know? what were you doing
 with the couch?"
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: I was not with you on the couch. Stop your lying!
The droning of a distant digeredoo signals the arrival of a whirling wind 
in
 which Jumbuck is engulfed and carried off into the outback
Cockatoo squawks to Sophist, "I was not with you on the latter)"
You say to Abraxas, "see."
You say to Cockatoo, "who were you with on the couch?"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "who were you with on the raven got
 killed?"
Sophist says, "Why, I never went near that couch."
You say to Cockatoo, "was it sophist? "
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "What is its MY story?"
You say to Cockatoo, "true. but sophist denies it.  was this after you 
watched
 sophist with the raven?"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "true. but sophist denies it.  was the
 raven got killed."
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: Holy shit, sounds as if you are investigating the 
story.
You say to Parrot, "were you watching?"
Cockatoo squawks to Sophist, "I deny doing the story!"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "is your story?"
Snowy [to Cockatoo]: Sophist has a thing for small peckers.
Sophist says, "I have nothing to do with the goddamn story!"
Cockatoo squawks to Snowy, "Sophist has the raven."
Parrot squawks to Snowy, "Sophist has your side of the story."
Sophist laughs
You heh.
You say to Cockatoo, "the raven has a small pecker?"
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "the raven has the couch?"
You say to Cockatoo, "is that also why she did you?"
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "is that piece of shit so I can @gag it?"
You say to Cockatoo, "you want to gag on a small pecker?"
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "YES a small pecker!"
ZenDog laughs!
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: Did the raven talk shit about your pecker?
You say to Parrot, "do you hear that? your brother wants to gag on your 
small
 pecker"
I don't understand that.
Cockatoo squawks to Sophist, "You're the one who makes the raven talk shit
 about your pecker."
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "do you hear that? that how the raven got 
killed?"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "Green_Bird's brother? your story?"
Cockatoo causes Sophist to fall down laughing.
I don't understand that.
Abraxas says, "a small pecker is a bird's best friend"
You say, "omfg"
Parrot squawks to Abraxas, "a small pecker is a bird's best friend"
You roll on the floor laughing.
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "your story."
Sophist [to Parrot]: Yes, I hear. You don't have to rub it in.
Sophist laughs
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "you can out do the turkey"
Sophist [to Parrot]: So long as I do not DO the turkey.
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "So long as I do not DO the turkey."
You say to Parrot, "the raven got killed by a small pecker? it gagged on a
 small pecker?"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "the raven got killed by this after you
 watched sophist with the raven?"
Sophist [to Parrot]: Do not mock me, for I am sensitive about that shit.
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "and that shit."
Green_Bird is so rolling
Sophist says, "Exactly."
Sophist giggles.
You say, "my heals hurt from stomping on the floor"
ZenDog has an asthma attack.
Sophist [to ZenDog]: Eeeee!
You say, "p11"
You say, "911 too"
Snowy sings, "I wiiish I was like you..."
You say, "where is knobbie when you need him"
You roll on the floor laughing.
ZenDog grins.
Parrot squawks, "What are the things that you like to watch?"
Cockatoo squawks, "I should think not, since the raven got killed."
Abraxas says, "don't rub it in but rather rub it all over"
You say to Parrot, "we like to watch sophist and small peckers"
Sophist [to Parrot]: I think everyone knows the answer to that.
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "no you have it confused. the raven."
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "I think everyone knows that how the 
raven
 got killed."
You say to Cockatoo, "so now we only have your small pecker? did you kill 
the
 raven?"
Brown_Guest teleports in.
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "I deny doing your small pecker!"
Snowy plops down on the floor and pulls Brown_Guest into his lap.
Cockatoo causes Sophist to fall down laughing.
ZenDog laughs!
Cockatoo squawks, "Fuck Napster."
Parrot squawks, "Green_Bird's brother? the turkey? an impersonator? 
shirley
 you jest."
cobot THINGS THAT YOU LIKE TO WATCH ROLL CALL
cobot 
Snowy [to Brown_Guest]: I just LOVE redjeads.
You say to cobot, "what you you like to watch?"
Sophist cackles madly at cobot.
Sophist says, "Oh shit, some of this scrolled. Now I can't log it."
cobot [to Green_Bird]: Live for a while in these books, learn from them 
what
 you feel is worth learning, but most of all love them.
Sophist says, "That part, anyway."
cobot waits hopefully for a reward
cobot cringe away from Sophist.
Sophist glares at cobot.
You say to Sophist, "its about 3/4 filled my buffer so far"
cobot glares at Sophist.
Sophist [to cobot]: But don't read in traffic.
cobot [to Sophist]: It is the best poem of yours that you have let me 
read.
You say to Parrot, "have you seen the ravens body?"
Sophist [to Green_Bird]: My buffer is tiny.
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "no you have it confused. the turkey is
 Green_Bird's brother. the raven is bear(tm)s friend."
You say to Cockatoo, "are you watching?"
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "the cock"
Sophist needs to upgrade her client.
Nightfox sleeps.
Nightfox fades into a memory.
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: Who is watching the cock?
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "i did kinda go overboard with it for 
the
 cock."
You say to Sophist, "oh i try to keep a 10k line buffer...but i may have
 reduced that when my ram got cut short"
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "Green_Bird's brother? a 10k line buffer?"
Sophist giggles at Cockatoo.
Cockatoo squawks, "Now I know what I got that thing @gag!'d"
You say to Parrot, "YOU GOT IT RIGHT!"
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "It is your side of the story."
Sophist [to Parrot]: Some people do it for the nookie, but your brother 
does
 it for the cock.
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "Some people do it for the nookie, but 
your
 brother does it for the cock."
You roll on the floor laughing.
Sophist laughs
You say to Parrot, "your brother IS the cock."
ZenDog grins.
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "your brother IS this after you watched 
sophist
 with the raven."
You say, "ok i'm gonna go and grab all this and feed it to a file."
You say, "CHECKPOINT."
Sophist [to Parrot]: God damn it.
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "what! what about Green_Bird's brother 
no
 cock thats you!"
Brown_Guest teleports out.
ZenDog says to Parrot, "wait, so the cockatoo is the lovechild of sophist 
and
 the raven???"
Parrot squawks to ZenDog, "Green_Bird's brother? the cockatoo"
You say, "where you say. when the parrot showed up? or before that?"
Sophist [to Parrot]: Green_Bird's brother has no cock or... what?
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "and no cock or."
Sophist [to Parrot]: No cock, either? Damn.
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "No cock, either? Damn."
You say to Parrot, "you like my cock."
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "you like your side of the story."
Sophist [to Parrot]: You're breaking my heart.
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "Nobody wants to invest after my heart."
Abraxas [to Parrot]: talk to the cock.
Parrot causes Sophist to fall down laughing.
Sophist [to Green_Bird]: Har har har
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "It is that parrot cant you."
Sophist says, "That is brilliant! I must remember that line."
Sophist giggles.
Cockatoo squawks, "the one that added the couch is one of the ones that 
turned
 against me though. go figure."
ZenDog says to Parrot, "a heart is the one thing i was unable to put into 
your
 coding... well, actually, i did manage it, but it tb'd too much."
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "a heart is no cock thats you."
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: But did this person turn you on while on the couch?
Cockatoo squawks to Sophist, "But did the raven?"
Sophist giggles at ZenDog and Parrot.



You say, "CHECKPOINT."
Sophist [to Parrot]: God damn it.
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "what! what about Green_Bird's brother 
no
 cock thats you!"
Brown_Guest teleports out.
ZenDog says to Parrot, "wait, so the cockatoo is the lovechild of sophist 
and
 the raven???"
Parrot squawks to ZenDog, "Green_Bird's brother? the cockatoo"
You say, "where you say. when the parrot showed up? or before that?"
Sophist [to Parrot]: Green_Bird's brother has no cock or... what?
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "and no cock or."
Sophist [to Parrot]: No cock, either? Damn.
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "No cock, either? Damn."
You say to Parrot, "you like my cock."
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "you like your side of the story."
Sophist [to Parrot]: You're breaking my heart.
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "Nobody wants to invest after my heart."
Abraxas [to Parrot]: talk to the cock.
Parrot causes Sophist to fall down laughing.
Sophist [to Green_Bird]: Har har har
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "It is that parrot cant you."
Sophist says, "That is brilliant! I must remember that line."
Sophist giggles.
Cockatoo squawks, "the one that added the couch is one of the ones that 
turned
 against me though. go figure."
ZenDog says to Parrot, "a heart is the one thing i was unable to put into 
your
 coding... well, actually, i did manage it, but it tb'd too much."
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "a heart is no cock thats you."
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: But did this person turn you on while on the couch?
Cockatoo squawks to Sophist, "But did the raven?"
Sophist giggles at ZenDog and Parrot.
I don't understand that.
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: I deny knowing anything about what the raven did.
ZenDog grins.
Cockatoo squawks to Sophist, "that was the raven did."
I don't understand that.
I don't understand that.
I don't understand that.
I don't understand that.
I don't understand that.
I don't understand that.
I don't understand that.
I don't understand that.
I don't understand that.
I don't understand that.
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: That's what I keep trying to tell you.
I don't understand that.
ZenDog says to Cockatoo, "is a raven did like a catydid?"
I don't understand that.
Sophist [to Parrot]: Help me out here.
Cockatoo squawks to Sophist, "your brother is cooler then you are."
I don't understand that.
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "no you have it confused. that parrot cant 
you."
I don't understand that.
I don't understand that.
I don't understand that.
Cockatoo squawks to ZenDog, "is its MY story?"
I don't understand that.
You say, "woo"
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "true. but sophist denies it.  was that how the
 raven got killed."
Sophist says, "Oh great, now they both turn against me."
ZenDog pats Sophist on her shoulder and tries to comfort her.
You say, "from when the name changed back to the cock, just shy of 2k 
lines."
Sophist grins at ZenDog.
Parrot squawks, "true. but sophist denies it.  was this after you watched
 sophist with the raven?"
Sophist [to Parrot]: I denied it after the deal with the raven took place. 
Did
 I say I made a deal with the raven? Oops, I've said too much.
You giggle.
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "is a deal with the raven?"
Sophist nods to Parrot.
You say, "friggin 80k text file."
You say, "whee!"
ZenDog grins at you.
Sophist [to Green_Bird]: Wow.
Sophist smiles.
Green_Bird will make it avail in a second.
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: So what does Kenny have to do with all of this?
Cockatoo squawks to Sophist, "well, there was the raven."
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: Yes. Tell me more. I am intrigued.
ZenDog says to Cockatoo, "and then the dinosaurs came?"
Cockatoo squawks to Sophist, "Now I know what I got a comedy!"
Sophist giggles at ZenDog.
Cockatoo squawks to ZenDog, "That made cockatoo look like the dinosaurs 
came."
ZenDog laughs!
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: Who else came?
ZenDog says to Cockatoo, "that must have been one hell of an orgasm!"
Cockatoo squawks to Sophist, "You're the one who makes one before that 
rivals
 that."
You say, "http://wow.atlasta.net/~keen/cockatoostory.txt"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "that parrot cant you"
Sophist giggles at you.
Cockatoo squawks to ZenDog, "that must have been one hell of an orgasm!"
You roll on the floor laughing.
Sophist giggles at Cockatoo.
You say to Cockatoo, "small peckers really get you off do they?"
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "thats my brother like that."
Sophist laughs!
You say to Cockatoo, "and sophists is the best of them all"
You roll on the floor laughing.
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "YOUR BROTHER!"
Sophist [to Parrot]: He just said you have a small pecker! Are you going 
to
 lie down and take that?
I don't understand that.
You heh.
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "He just said you have no you"
You say to Cockatoo, "my brother yes! he liked sophist to before you 
killed
 him because yo thought he was the raven!"
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "my brother yes! he liked sophist to 
before
 you killed him because yo thought he was the raven!"
Sophist [to Parrot]: See, you're too emotional to express yourself.
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "that must have been the turkey!"
Sophist laughs
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: You really hurt his feelings. You should be ashamed 
of
 yourself.
You say to Parrot, "yes, it was! it wasnt the raven it was the turkey 
sophist
 was doing!"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "Now I know what I got his feelings!"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "yes, it was! it wasnt the turkey!"
You say to Parrot, "why did you kill it!"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "that must have been that parrot cant 
you!"
You say, "this is insane. really."
Sophist says, "Parrot is becoming upset!"
You say to Parrot, "are you jealous that you didnt get to do sophist on 
the
 couch?"
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "Nobody wants to invest after that you didnt 
get
 to do sophist on the couch."
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: In all this talk about birds, no one has mentioned
 eating them.
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "In all a nice job on it, I remeber 
you
 working on it."
You say to Parrot, "at least i got to watch."
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "who killed the assfucking they all took 
with
 all the dot-comedies?"
Sophist [to Parrot]: Oh, it's back to the assfucking.
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "Oh, it's back to the raven."
Sophist [to Parrot]: I hear the assfucking took place on the couch.
You say to Parrot, "the raven got the assfucking?"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "the raven got the assfucking?"
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "is this"
Sophist [to Parrot]: I didn't realize it was the raven and the turkey, 
though.
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "I didn't realize it was a comedy."
You say to Parrot, "and it involved sophist!"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "that must have been the raven!"
Sophist [to Parrot]: Or was it the raven and Green_Bird's brother?
You roll on the floor laughing.
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "Or was it the things that you like to
 watch?"
ZenDog laughs!
Sophist giggles.
Sophist [to Parrot]: Wait, now *I* am the raven?
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "Wait, now *I* am your story?"
You say to Parrot, "we like to watch we like to watch! will you put on a 
show?
 I hear bear(tm) is willing."
Sophist [to Parrot]: All of my stories are about you, baby.
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "we like to watch we like to watch! will you 
put
 on the bear(tm). it hear he got paid!"
You nod to Parrot.
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "All of that parrot cant you."
You giggle.
Sophist [to Parrot]: I don't know if I can handle all of that parrot, but 
I
 will sure try.
Green_Bird shakes the Cockatoo's cage.
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "I don't know if I can handle all of the 
turkey."
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "Your brother knows the raven got 
killed."
Sophist giggles.
Parrot squawks, "and what about jaybird? was he with sophists brother
 bear(tm)?"
You say to Parrot, "you took the whole turkey?"
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "your brother still gagged. or soemthing.  
what
 about Green_Bird's brother? where is key?"
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: Your brother knows a lot of things, but we paid him 
to
 keep it quiet.
ZenDog says to Sophist, "can you "accomodate" the parrot?"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "Your brother knows the couch."
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "can you "accomodate" a small pecker?"
Sophist says, "I need to know who gagged Green_Bird's brother, and with 
what."
Parrot causes Sophist to fall down laughing.
ZenDog dies.
You say to Parrot, "did someone gag the turkey?"
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "You must love yourself, for if you do not, 
the
 turkey."
Sophist says, "Oh my god. We should do this every morning!"
Parrot causes you to fall down laughing.
Cockatoo squawks, "the one that added the couch is one of the ones that 
turned
 against me though. go figure."
Sophist giggles at Parrot.
ZenDog says to Parrot, "i try to be sly and use double-entendres, and you 
just
 blow the top off of it!"
Sophist [to Parrot]: Yes, the turkey. For the love of god, the turkey!
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "He just said you have the turkey!"
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "true. but sophist denies it.  was the turkey."
Sophist [to Parrot]: He said you blow the top off it.
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "You must love yourself, for if you do not, the 
top
 off it."
ZenDog laughs!
Green_Bird falls over 
Sophist laughs
Cockatoo squawks, "they paid you both a lot of money? or just your 
brother?"
Sophist [to Parrot]: If you do not love yourself, you must blow the top 
off it.
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "who killed the top off it?"
ZenDog laughs so hard he makes high-pitches when he inhales.
Sophist [to Parrot]: No, no. Blow it, not kill it.
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "lets get back to that how the raven got 
killed."
Sophist [to Parrot]: And don't start talking about the GOD DAMN IT NO NOT 
THE
 RAVEN
You say to ZenDog, "everytime i try to breathe its a laugh"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "the assfucking they all took with all 
the
 dot-comedies."
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "that must have been a small pecker!"
Parrot causes Sophist to fall down laughing.
ZenDog nods to you.
ZenDog laughs!
You say to Parrot, "the raven got killed doing sophist on the couch. the
 cockatoo watched."
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "the raven got killed doing sophist on 
the
 couch. the cockatoo watched."
Sophist [to Parrot]: So it was a small pecker and an assfucking that 
killed
 the raven.
You say to Cockatoo, "you said that right?"
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "Green_Bird's brother? a small pecker and an
 assfucking that killed the raven?"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "you said a while, but oh well?"
You say to Sophist, "it was your small pecker that killed the raven?"
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "you can out do your small pecker that 
killed
 the raven?"
You roll on the floor laughing.
Sophist [to Parrot]: I don't know about Green_Bird's brother's small 
pecker.
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "you better tell no cock thats you."
You say, "i think i'm gonna puke"
You fall down laughing.
Sophist [to Parrot]: I'm not even saying that it is small.
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "I'm not even saying that it"
You say to Parrot, "right. I'm neuter. no cock."
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "You must love yourself, for if you do 
not,
 no cock."
Sophist cackles... you better tell no cock
ZenDog laughs!
Sophist [to Parrot]: NOOOOOOOO
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "the best poem of yours that you"
I don't understand that.
Sophist [to Parrot]: I love myself! I love myself!
You say, "omfg"
You roll on the floor laughing.
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "and the assfucking they all took with all the
 dot-comedies."
ZenDog barks, "oh shit!"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "what! what about Green_Bird's brother 
the
 raven!"
Sophist laughs!
Sophist is in pain
You say to Parrot, "my brother is a turkey!"
Parrot squawks, "true. but sophist denies it.  was this after you watched
 sophist with the raven?"
You nod to Sophist.
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "my brother is a turkey!"
ZenDog says to Parrot, "if you don't love yourself, you lose your cock?"
You say, "will we ever outdo this day?!"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "Sophist is not even saying your cock."
You say, "ROFL"
Sophist is going to have that printed up on a t-shirt: You must love 
yourself,
 for if you do not, no cock.
You roll on the floor laughing.
ZenDog cracks up laughing at Sophist!
You say to Sophist, "sayeth the parrot"
Sophist [to Parrot]: I didn't say a damn word about his cock.
Sophist giggles.
ZenDog's ribs hurt.
You say to Parrot, "what do you say"
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "Green_Bird's brother? a damn word about his 
cock?"
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "that must have been the things that you 
like to
 watch!"
Parrot squawks, "how could you!"
Cockatoo squawks, "you missed all the fun."
Sophist [to Parrot]: Exactly. I keep telling you, I don't know anything 
about
 his brother's cock.
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "Exactly. I keep telling you, I don't 
know
 anything about the bear(tm). it hear he got paid."
You say to Parrot, "you like my brothers cock?"
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "you like the turkey?"
Parrot causes Sophist to fall down laughing.
You say, "i bet the negihtbors down the road can hear me laughin"
You laugh out loud.
You say to Parrot, "i want the turkey"
Sophist laughs... that must be the things you like to watch... how could 
you!
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "that how the raven got killed?"
You say to Parrot, "will you watch when i do sophist and the turkey on the
 couch?"
Sophist [to Parrot]: Wanting the turkey is what gets people killed?
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "who killed the turkey"
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "who killed his brother's cock?"
ZenDog says to Parrot, "so the TURKEY killed the raven???"
You say to Parrot, "i dont want to get killed like the raven"
Parrot squawks to ZenDog, "the raven."
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "Green_Bird's brother? that parrot cant 
you?"
Sophist [to Parrot]: Is 'turkey' a euphemism for cock? Or perhaps nookie?
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "you got fucked at a euphemism for cock?"
ZenDog laughs!
I don't understand that.
You heh.
Sophist [to Parrot]: Don't tell me to get fucked! YOU get fucked!
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "lets get back to the raven."
Sophist says, "Oh my GOD."
You say to Sophist, "lets get fucked!"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "Now, back to a lot more then the 
bear(tm)."
Sophist giggles.
You roll on the floor laughing.
Sophist [to Green_Bird]: AFTER we get back to the raven.
You say to Cockatoo, "how about you? will you watch too?"
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "YOUR BROTHER"
You say to Sophist, "oh ok."
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "thats a lot more then the bear(tm)."
Sophist [to Parrot]: Why is it that when the discussion gets 
uncomfortable,
 you want to get back to the raven?
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "Green_Bird's brother? that when the discussion
 gets uncomfortable, you want to get back to the raven?"
You say to Cockatoo, "you'll only watch my brother?"
Sophist [to Parrot]: Do you have something you would like to tell me?
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "you'll only watch that right?"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "What are the raven?"
You say to Parrot, "yes. lets get back to the raven so we can get fucked."
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "you said the raven so we can get fucked?"
Sophist giggles.
You roll on the floor laughing.
ZenDog laughs!
           (\/)
Green_Bird  \/  ZenDog
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: We will watch if you get fucked, with or without 
the
 raven.
Cockatoo squawks to Sophist, "and you did the raven."
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: Man, FUCK you.
Cockatoo squawks to Sophist, "You're the one who makes a comedy."
You say to ZenDog, "you can use this log at your reunion. run it through a
 text2speach...."
Sophist fumes.
You say to Cockatoo, "we love you."
ZenDog says to you, "i think some of my classmates would spontaneously 
combust
 in confusion."
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "What is it the raven?"
Sophist [to ZenDog]: Or skip your reunion and hang out with the birds and 
us.
You giggle at ZenDog.
Sophist giggles.
You say to ZenDog, "and thats a bad thing?"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "Or skip this"
ZenDog shrugs at you.
You gasp at Parrot.
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: Do you believe in spontaneous combustion?
You say to Parrot, "only if we get fucked first."
ZenDog smiles.
Cockatoo squawks to Sophist, "I deny doing that right!"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "Exactly. she keep telling you, she 
don't
 know anything about a lot more then the bear(tm)."
You say, "yay icq porn spam!"
Sophist [to Parrot]: Exactly. Thank you.
Green_Bird saves it it might be good
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "that how the raven got killed?"
Sophist glares at Parrot.
Sophist [to Green_Bird]: Is it good porn?
You say to Sophist, "i dunno to involved to look!"
Sophist says, "And Green_Bird saw that it might be good."
You say, "this is better then any porn!"
Sophist giggles at you.
You say to Parrot, "the raven got killed because it got sophist"
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "the turkey"
Sophist [to Parrot]: The raven enjoys good porn from time to time.
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "The raven enjoys good porn from time to time."
Cockatoo squawks, "where is kenny now? is he with bear(tm)?"
You say to Parrot, "no we dont know what my brother did."
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "no we dont know what the turkey."
You giggle at Cockatoo.
Sophist giggles at Cockatoo.
You say to Cockatoo, "kenny? did you gag kenny?"
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "the couch."
Lascivious enters.
Sophist [to Parrot]: Sometimes the raven likes a fine cigar.
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "the raven likes a fine cigar"
You roll on the floor laughing.
You say to Parrot, "but the raven is dead! lets get back to sophist"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "and the raven"
You say to Parrot, "was bear(tm) ever invovled?"
Cockatoo squawks, "I should think not, since the raven got killed."
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "the bear(tm). it hear he got paid."
Sophist [to Parrot]: Not that I would know anything about cigars and 
things
 the raven likes. Green_Bird's brother, on the other hand...
You say to Parrot, "no not the raven. not the raven."
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "no not the raven. not the raven."
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "so whats the bear(tm). it hear he got 
paid."
Sophist [to Parrot]: Yes, the raven! Always, the raven!
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "Exactly. she keep telling you, she 
don't
 know anything about the raven."
You roll on the floor laughing.
Sophist [to Parrot]: What is it with you and the raven? Is that all you 
ever
 think about? Is the raven the only thing that matters to you?
You say to Parrot, "so lets talk about sophist! sophist is much better 
then
 the raven~"
You say to Cockatoo, "speak up you. what do you know about what sophist 
did?"
ZenDog mentions, ""
Sophist [to cobot]: Here is an opportunity for you to do a BETTER THEN THE
 RAVEN ROLL CALL
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "the raven~"
You say to ZenDog, "speachless?"
Sophist says, "I'm better than any goddamn raven."
I don't understand that.
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "He just said you have this after you 
watched
 sophist with the raven!"
You tickle cobot relentlessly!
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "the a turkey and a raven."
Cockatoo squawks, "if you feed it, it goes off."
You say to Sophist, "of course you are better then the raven!"
Parrot squawks, "YOU killed Green_Bird's story!"
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: That kinda makes me horny.
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "the couch was yibs wasnt it?"
Sophist cuddles sweetly with you.
You say to Sophist, "feeding makes you horny?"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "What are this after you watched sophist
 with the raven?"
You snuggle cozily with Sophist.
You notice the Welcome Poster is crooked.
Sophist [to Parrot]: I did not kill the raven.
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "You must love yourself, for if you do not, the
 raven."
cobot [to Sophist]: Today I just need to tell you (and perhaps I am wrong 
not
 to have done this sooner) that the book you sent me (you said in your 
letter
 that it contained some works of yours) hasn't arrived.
cobot giggles at you.
You say to Parrot, "the turkey killed the raven because it was jealous 
that
 the raven got sophist!!"
Sophist [to Parrot]: I thought you said the turkey and or no cock.
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "the turkey killed the raven because it was
 jealous his brother's cock!"
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "I thought you said the assfucking they all 
took
 with all the dot-comedies."
Sophist giggles.
You say to cobot, "do you know about the raven and sophist?"
cobot rubs something warm, brown, sticky and gooey against you.
cobot causes Sophist to fall down laughing.
You say to cobot, "is that the raven?"
cobot giggles at Sophist.
Sophist says, "Help me I'm laughing so hard I'm gonna throw up"
You say to Parrot, "COBOT HAS THE RAVEN!"
cobot [to Green_Bird]: You ever took a big shinny blade and just ripped a 
man
 from his ass to his appetite?! Then cut his balls off and make him squeal
 like a pig?
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "thats THE RAVEN."
You roll on the floor, laughing at cobot.
Sophist stares at cobot.
cobot bows gracefully to you.
cobot pokes at Sophist.
You say, "omg"
I don't understand that.
You roll on the floor laughing.
Sophist is dying
Sophist giggles.
ZenDog says to Parrot, "the raven did what cobot described?"
Parrot squawks to ZenDog, "this after you watched sophist with the raven"
You say to Cockatoo, "help! cobot killed the raven with a big shinny 
blade!"
ZenDog says to Parrot, "no way!"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "this after you watched sophist with the
 raven"
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "that was the raven with a big shinny 
blade."
Parrot squawks to ZenDog, "true. but sophist denies it.  was that right."
Sophist [to ZenDog]: I think what cobot related is what happened to the 
raven.
Parrot squawks, "is that how the raven got killed?"
You say to Cockatoo, "thtat isnt what cobot says"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "the raven?"
Sophist [to Parrot]: YES, god damn it. *sighs*
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "What are the turkey?"
You say to Cockatoo, "YES"
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "Your brother is talking smack about you."
Sophist [to Parrot]: I accuse Green_Bird of being the one who did it, too.
ZenDog hrms.
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "your brother still gagged. or soemthing.  what
 about Green_Bird's brother? where is key?"
You say to Cockatoo, "you have seen the turkey??"
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "so whats the turkey."
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "you have seen a lot of money, but we"
Sophist [to Parrot]: He was talking smack because of being jealous about 
the
 cock.
You gasp at Sophist.
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "He was talking smack because of being
 jealous about no you"
You say to Sophist, "you wouldnt!"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "You must love yourself, for if you do 
not,
 the best poem of yours that you"
Sophist [to Parrot]: Oh, that is so sweet of you!
You roll on the floor laughing.
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "Nobody wants to invest after that"
You roll on the floor laughing.
ZenDog barks, "incomplete, but sweet."
Sophist [to Parrot]: No one can blame them.
You say to Parrot, "after being gutted by cobot with a blade? i would hope 
not"
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "No one can blame them."
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "you got fucked at a blade?"
You say to Parrot, "no, the raven!"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "what! what about Green_Bird's brother 
the
 raven!"
A previously unseen panel in the wall opens up, and Teal_Guest tumbles 
out,
 looking a bit startled, but otherwise okay.
Cockatoo squawks, "where is kenny now? is he with bear(tm)?"
ZenDog says to Parrot, "that's called rape in this country."
You say to Parrot, "cobot was jealous!"
Parrot squawks, "small peckers really get you off do they?"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "that's called rape in your brother 
still
 gagged."
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "and this after you watched sophist with the
 raven."
habibi teleports in.
You roll on the floor laughing.
Sophist [to Parrot]: You don't have to hold a blade to the raven's throat 
to
 make him put out. I know. I have pictures of him with Green_Bird.
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "You don't have to hold the things that you 
like to
 watch."
You gasp at Sophist.
Sophist giggles at Parrot.
You say to Sophist, "you have pictures of me?"
Parrot squawks, "how could you!"
Sophist [to Parrot]: If I don't hold them, they touch the floor. The floor 
is
 cold.
Cockatoo squawks, "the one that added the couch is one of the ones that 
turned
 against me though. go figure."
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "you can out do the floor?"
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: It's true that they wouldn't be touching the floor 
if
 they were on the couch.
You roll on the floor laughing.
ZenDog cracks up laughing at Parrot!
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "they paid you both that they wouldn't 
be
 touching the floor if they were on the couch?"
You say to Parrot, "lets do it out on the floor with sophist"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "the turkey."
ZenDog barks, "it's hard to outlay a floor"
ZenDog causes Sophist to fall down laughing.
You giggle at ZenDog.
ZenDog smiles.
You cuddle sweetly with Sophist.
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: Show Green_Bird the pictures we have of him with 
the
 raven.
You say to Cockatoo, "what did you do with cobot on the floor? did the 
parrot
 watch?"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "what did you do with cobot on a lot 
of
 money, but we"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "try -cockatoo or `cockatoo 
(especially
 the one that added the couch"
You gasp.
You try the cockatoo.
You say to Cockatoo, "do you still like to watch?"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "It ruled, changing into the raven."
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: Cobot will give you money to show everyone the 
pictures
 of Green_Bird.
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "Your brother knows the pictures of
 Green_Bird."
Sophist giggles at Cockatoo.
You roll on the floor laughing.
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: In the Biblical sense?
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "You're the one who makes the Biblical
 sense."
You roll on the floor laughing.
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: You mean to tell me that Green_Bird is now 
masturbation
 fodder for my brother?
Cockatoo squawks to Sophist, "You mean to tell me the one that added the 
couch"
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: Is on the floor. Yes, that's exactly what I mean to
 tell you.
You say to Cockatoo, "bear(tm) masturbates thinking about me?!"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "they paid you both the raven got 
killed?"
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "What is it the latter)"
Sophist cackles madly at you.
habibi departs, and the storm clouds scatter.
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: What do you think about when you masturbate?
You say to Parrot, "did you see the pictures? are there any pictures of
 sophist?"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "a lot of money?"
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "the pictures?"
You nod to Parrot.
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: I'm not saying for certain that you do, mind you. I
 just mean, if you do.
You say to Parrot, "the pictures of sophist and me"
Cockatoo squawks to Sophist, "I'm not saying for certain the raven."
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "a small pecker"
You gasp at Parrot.
Teal_Guest wanders off into the kitchen.
Sophist laughs.. he thinks about a lot of money when he masturbates
ZenDog grins.
Sophist laughs harder... the parot thinks about a small pecker when HE 
does
You say to Cockatoo, "you like to masturbate thinking about green things?"
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "You're the one who makes the raven got
 killed."
Sophist [to Parrot]: When are the best times to think about a small 
pecker?
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "When are a lot more then the bear(tm)?"
You say to Cockatoo, "indeed. and i'm blue, not green. stop looking at me 
that
 way!"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "you missed all that way."
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: That's right. Green_Bird is the one who killed the
 raven. It was because of the pictures.
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "That's right. Green_Bird is the 
raven."
You say to Parrot, "you can get more then bear(tm)?"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "that must have been one hell of an 
orgasm!"
There is no player here of that name ...
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: See, the raven had something on Green_Bird, and
 Green_Bird couldn't stand it.
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "so wait, you're the raven had 
something
 on Green_Bird, and Green_Bird couldn't stand it?"
You say to Cockatoo, "I AM NOT! "
Sophist cackles madly at Parrot.
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "YES a while, but oh well!"
cobot [to Lascivious]: I don't believe you have met tsr
cobot [to tsr]: I don't believe you have met Lascivious
cobot [to tsr]: tsr, Lascivious
cobot [to Lascivious]: Lascivious, tsr
Lascivious%N is probably writing email, he is bound to check back 
sometime...
Sophist grins at you.
You say to Parrot, "did you do the raven too? do you also have pictures?"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "did you do the things that you like to
 watch?"
You lick Sophist.
Lascivious sighs
You say to Sophist, "thing is, we could show this to anyone else...and 
they'd
 be worse off then "duuuuh?""
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: We know all about the things Green_Bird cannot 
stand,
 for we have pictures of each.
Cockatoo squawks to Sophist, "We know all about a while, but oh well."
You say to Parrot, "yes! yes! yes!"
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "you better tell the things that you like to
 watch."
You say to Parrot, "with sophist!"
Sophist giggles at you.
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "you better tell a small pecker."
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: We are long-suffering.
Cockatoo squawks to Sophist, "your brother is cooler then you are."
Parrot causes Sophist to fall down laughing.
You say to Parrot, "are you a small pecker too?"
You peck at Sophist.
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "It is a small pecker too."
Sophist [to Green_Bird]: You better tell the truth! You like to watch a 
small
 pecker!
Sophist cackles madly at you.
You pecker Sophist.
Sophist [to Green_Bird]: Ooh!
Sophist ogles you, a perverted grin on her face.
You say to Sophist, "woo!"
You say to Parrot, "did you do your brother the cockatoo?"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "did you do that how the raven got 
killed?"
Sophist [to Parrot]: You seem quite fixated on a small pecker.
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "You seem quite fixated on the best poem 
of
 yours that you"
You say to Parrot, "stop changing the subject."
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "Nobody wants to invest after the subject."
Sophist [to Green_Bird]: Exactly.
Sophist [to Green_Bird]: He'll bring up the raven next.
You say to Parrot, "she wants your small pecker! give it to her!"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "she wants the floor!"
Sophist says, "Oh, he already did."
You gasp at Parrot.
You say to Sophist, "oh? he can bring up the raven? the raven must really 
like
 the parrot to get up for it"
Sophist [to Parrot]: You want it on the floor. Don't be ashamed of your
 desires.
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "You want it on your side of the story."
You say to Parrot, "does the raven like it on the floor?"
Sophist grins.
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "does the assfucking they all took with all 
the
 dot-comedies?"
Parrot causes Sophist to fall down laughing.
You say to Cockatoo, "fixate on your brother."
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "and your brother."
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "fixate on a nice job on it, I remeber 
you
 working on it."
Sophist [to Parrot]: So it was funny to see the raven take the assfucking 
on
 the floor.
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "Green_Bird's brother? the raven take the
 assfucking on the floor?"
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: You must make a lot of money. We should hook up.
Cockatoo squawks to Sophist, "a lot of money"
You say to Parrot, "sophist likes to watch too!"
Sophist laughs
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "Now, back to the turkey."
You roll on the floor laughing.
You say to Parrot, "leave the turkey out of it, it is enjoying bear(tm)"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "Now, back to the turkey out of it, it"
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: Feel free to tell me exactly how much money we're
 talking about.
Cockatoo squawks to Sophist, "What is it the sun"
Snowy yawns.
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: If you stare into the sun, you will regret it.
Green_Bird shakes the Parrot's cage.
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "If you stare into the sun"
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "the sun, you"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "Exactly. she keep telling you, she 
don't
 know anything about that how the raven got killed."
You say to Cockatoo, "who's son?"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "Your brother knows that the cock"
Cockatoo causes Sophist to fall down laughing.
You giggle at Parrot.
You say to Cockatoo, "what did the cock do to my brother?"
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "and you did the cock do to my brother."
You say to Cockatoo, "in? out? in? out?"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "Your brother knows that I like to 
watch."
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: Whose cock was it, anyway?
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "thats the raven."
Periwinkle_Guest comes out of the closet (so to speak...).
I see no "cockatooo" here.
Sophist says, "Finally, the raven's cock gets a mention."
Guest comes out of the closet (so to speak...).
You say to Cockatoo, "the ravens cock! i though the raven had a pecker."
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "the ravens cock! i though the raven 
had
 that thing @gag!"
You roll on the floor laughing.
Sophist giggles at Cockatoo.
You say to Cockatoo, "the raven gaged you with it!"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "the raven gaged you with it!"
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: The raven knows exactly what to do with it.
You say to Parrot, "do you hear what your brother did with the raven!?"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "the raven"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "do you hear what a comedy!"
Sophist [to Parrot]: We could all learn a lesson from the raven.
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "Nobody wants to invest after a lesson 
from
 the raven."
You say to Parrot, "you think it is FUNNY?"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "did you get paid your brother still 
gagged?"
You roll on the floor laughing.
Sophist [to Parrot]: Don't feel ashamed if you are jealous about it.
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "What are the raven?"
You nibble on Sophist's ear in an erotic manner.
cobot gets a look of wistfulness in his eyes.
Sophist giggles at you.
You say to Parrot, "you did the raven on the floor?"
Sophist cuddles sweetly with you.
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "you did your side of the story?"
Sophist licks ZenDog.
Periwinkle_Guest attempts to walk through the plate-glass windows! 
 Fortunately, they're tougher than that.
You say to Parrot, "my side of the story involves sophist and wont get
 mentioned here."
Sophist says, "When is the raven going to come and tell his side of the 
story?"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "my side of the story involves sophist 
and
 wont get mentioned here."
You say to Cockatoo, "unless you tell it since you were watching"
cobot disappears in a puff of logic, covering you with prepositions.
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "its MY story!"
You giggle at Sophist.
Sophist narrows her eyes at Green_Bird.
You say to Cockatoo, "SO TELL IT"
You lick Sophist.
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "omg Your brother"
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: There, there, dear. No one is trying to take your 
story
 away from you.
Periwinkle_Guest slides open the glass door to the deck and slips out, 
sliding
 it closed behind it.
Cockatoo squawks to Sophist, "you got fucked at No one"
You say to Cockatoo, "my brother was there?"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "my brother was there?"
You roll on the floor laughing.
You say to Cockatoo, "continues"
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: Do you imply masturbation?
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "That made cockatoo look like Your 
brother"
Cockatoo squawks to Sophist, "Now I know what I got the one that added the
 couch"
I see no "continue" here.
Sophist giggles.
You roll on the floor laughing.
You say, "this is extremely perverted."
You laugh out loud.
You say to Cockatoo, "and?"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "that right"
Sophist says, "Okay... I'm dying here... *giggles*"
You say to Cockatoo, "what about sophist?"
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "so wait, you're the raven got killed?"
Sophist says, "I feel sick from laughing!"
You say to Cockatoo, "ignore the raven. this is about you watching sophist 
and
 me. tell!"
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "ignore the floor."
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "you said the raven?"
Sophist giggles at you.
You nod to Sophist.
Sophist laughs!
Cockatoo squawks, "well, there was one before that rivals that..."
You say to Sophist, "i keep reaching that point over and over"
You say to Parrot, "on the floor. lets go."
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "He just said you have the floor!"
Sophist [to Parrot]: What are we doing on the floor?
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "that must have been the floor!"
You say to Cockatoo, "not the one before. that one. tell what you saw."
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "not one before that rivals that."
Combat staff shatters into slivers!
Sophist [to Parrot]: Is this makin' with the love or will there be 
violence?
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "Is your story?"
You say to Cockatoo, "on with the story. your story."
Guest exits to the north.
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "on with the raven."
You say to Cockatoo, "about sophist."
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "It ruled, changing into your brother"
Sophist [to Parrot]: My story involves love, violence, and pictures.
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "that it"
You say to Cockatoo, "fuck the raven"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "you missed all the raven"
Sophist [to Parrot]: Oh yeah, and Green_Bird.
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "Green_Bird's brother? your side of the
 story?"
Sophist cackles madly at you.
You giggle at Sophist.
You say to Parrot, "keep that turkey out of this! he is with bear(tm)"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "keep no cock thats you!"
You say to Cockatoo, "tell us about sophist!"
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "It ruled, changing into a lot of money."
Sophist [to Green_Bird]: He called you a cock!
You roll on the floor laughing.
Sophist [to Parrot]: That isn't very nice, to call Green_Bird a cock!
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "That isn't very nice, to call 
Green_Bird a
 small pecker!"
You say to Cockatoo, "whoa. stop. you changed into a lot of money? "
Sophist [to Parrot]: After all he's done for you!
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "whoa. stop. you changed into that the 
cock"
Kimmy's skullcap disintegrates from the abuse it has taken!
You roll on the floor laughing.
Parrot causes Sophist to fall down laughing.
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "arg no one"
Cockatoo squawks, "Fuck Napster."
Jumbuck comes out of the closet (so to speak...).
You say, "help"
You lick Cockatoo.
You say to Cockatoo, "continue. about sophist and the money."
Sophist says, "So, fuck the raven, and/or Napster."
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "continue. about sophist and the 
couch."
You say to Cockatoo, "where did you put the money?"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "where did you put the raven got 
killed?"
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: Don't tell him where we hid the money!
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "Don't tell him where we hid a while, 
but
 oh well!"
Jumbuck kisses Kimmy platonically.
You say to Cockatoo, "sophist and the couch? who was with sophist on the
 couch?"
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "the couch"
You say to Parrot, "and you?"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "What are this after you watched sophist
 with the raven?"
The housekeeper arrives to remove Parrot from The Living Room.
The droning of a distant digeredoo signals the arrival of a whirling wind 
in
 which Jumbuck is engulfed and carried off into the outback
You say to Cockatoo, "she hid the money in the couch?"
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: Damn it, now he knows that the money is hidden with 
the
 raven's body, which will never be found.
Object found after 41 scans.
You bend the living room couch over and extract Generic Mail Receiving 
Player
 from its ass.
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "your brother is cooler then you are."
Cockatoo squawks to Sophist, "the that piece of shit so I can @gag it."
Cockatoo squawks, "well, there was one before that rivals that..."
Sophist giggles at you.
You say to Cockatoo, "this isnt money."
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "that piece of shit so I can @gag it"
You say to Cockatoo, "yeah yeah. about sophist"
ZenDog teleports Parrot in.
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "what do you know? what were you doing
 with the raven?"
Sophist smooches Parrot.
You snuggle cozily with Parrot.
Sophist smooches ZenDog.
You say to Parrot, "did you get hurt?"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "no you have it confused. the floor."
You say to Parrot, "was the housekeeper involved in any of this?"
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "true. but sophist denies it.  was the
 housekeeper involved in any of this."
You say to Cockatoo, "you did what to a raver?"
Sophist says, "The housekeeper has a pair of my panties."
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "the couch was yibs wasnt it?"
You say to Parrot, "sophist and the housekeeper!!"
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "sophist and this after you watched sophist 
with
 the raven!"
You say to Cockatoo, "on yibs couch!"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "and you did a turkey and a raven."
You gasp at Parrot.
You say to Parrot, "did you get pictures?"
Cockatoo squawks, "I must say... thank you for these changes! Love it. :D"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "Nobody wants to invest after that it"
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: There are panties down under the couch cushions.
There is no player here of that name ...
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "the couch cushions."
Lascivious goes home.
You say to Cockatoo, "yes, thank your daddy."
Parrot squawks, "how could you!"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "yes, thank a turkey and a raven."
Parrot squawks, "It is the best poem of yours that you have let cobot 
read."
Sophist laughs... the bird's thanking.. oh god... hee hee
You say to Sophist, "hee. how apropos"
Sophist [to Parrot]: We caught cobot reading in traffic.
ZenDog smiles.
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "no you have it confused. that how the raven 
got
 killed."
Sophist grins at you.
You say to Parrot, "what do you know about your daddy and sophist?"
Snowy has disconnected.
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "you said your daddy and sophist?"
Sophist [to Parrot]: I *am* his daddy. We are one.
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "What are his daddy?"
You say to Parrot, "so the raven DID get killed because of reading in 
traffic?
 was kenny watching?"
Sophist [to Parrot]: You're not buying it, are you.
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "thats your side of the story."
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "what! what about Green_Bird's brother 
this"
You say to Sophist, "its the nose."
Sophist [to Parrot]: I am beginning to suspect that Kenny had nothing to 
do
 with it.
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "I am beginning to suspect this after you 
watched
 sophist with the raven."
You say to Cockatoo, "ad you?"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "and you did that piece of shit so I 
can
 @gag it."
You say to Cockatoo, "and you too."
Sophist [to Parrot]: I think he gets brought up as a red herring.
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "I deny doing its MY story!"
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "is a red herring?"
Sophist laughs... imagine that literally.
There is no player here of that name ...
You say to Cockatoo, "thats what mirrors are for!!"
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "well, there was that thing @gag."
Sophist [to Parrot]: You weren't supposed to know about the mirrors on the
 ceiling.
Sophist slaps you some skin in a high 5.
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "you can out do the mirrors on the ceiling?"
You say, "er misdirect"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "Exactly. she keep telling you, she 
don't
 know anything about no one"
You giggle at Sophist.
You roll on the floor laughing.
You say to Cockatoo, "do you know anything about what the parrot saw?"
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "the parrot saw"
You say to Cockatoo, "see?"
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "one before that rivals that"
You say to Cockatoo, "bah. do you love the parrot?"
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "bah. do you love its MY story."
Sophist giggles.
You say to Cockatoo, "love. sophist. story. do. me."
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "what do you know? what were you doing
 with that thing @gag?"
You giggle.
You say to Cockatoo, "that was for my brother the turkey. what about 
sophist?"
Snowy has connected.
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "that was for a comedy."
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: Who do you dream about, baby? And who do you love?
Cockatoo squawks to Sophist, "it was not!! a comedy!"
You say to Cockatoo, "you keep coming back to comedy. you think it was 
funny?"
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "well, there was YOUR BROTHER."
You say to Cockatoo, "indeed. with sophist?"
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: And a big rubber dick for my brother the queer.
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "Your brother knows that I like to watch."
Cockatoo squawks to Sophist, "the sun"
You roll on the floor, laughing at Sophist.
Sophist giggles.
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: If it was not a comedy, then what was it?
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "If it was not a comedy?"
ZenDog says to Cockatoo, "sophist's brother knows you like to watch the 
sun?"
You say, "are we the only ones here that find this amusing? or are we 
simply
 the ones ones left?"
Cockatoo squawks to ZenDog, "sophist's brother knows you like to watch the
 raven?"
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: I don't think it was particularly tragic.
Cockatoo squawks to Sophist, "so wait, you're a lot of money?"
You say to Cockatoo, "you are watching your son? what is he doing? is he 
with
 sophist?"
Sophist [to Cockatoo]: It is something of a mystery, though.
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "you are watching a nice job on it, I 
remeber
 you working on it?"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "It is something of that piece of shit 
so
 I can @gag it."
pamuk comes out of the closet (so to speak...).
Sophist [to Green_Bird]: There ARE other ones?
shrimp hugs Kimmy very tightly..... Kimmy is really loved!
pamuk kisses Kimmy platonically.
You say to Sophist, "only you and me!"
You say to Cockatoo, "just sophist and me."
Sophist [to Green_Bird]: Against the world!
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "omg a lot of money, but we"
You roll on the floor laughing.
Sophist [to Green_Bird]: And a couch.
I don't understand that.
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "what! what about Green_Bird's brother a
 couch!"
You say to Cockatoo, "with the money? what about themonth?"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "What is it the money?"
Sophist [to Parrot]: Stuff the money down under the couch cushions.
You say to Parrot, "no my brother is a turkey. but he likes bear(tm)s"
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "no no cock thats you."
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "lets get back to no one"
Cockatoo squawks, "Wow."
You say to Cockatoo, "wow."
Sophist [to Parrot]: Don't call me a cock! That is rude!
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "What is it the one that added the 
couch"
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "Don't call me the assfucking they all took 
with
 all the dot-comedies!"
You say to Parrot, "sophist is not a cock. shes a boob"
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "sophist is not that parrot cant you."
Sophist [to Parrot]: I didn't call you about the assfucking. That was
 Green_Bird.
No food to duck. Start a food-fight; food object is #3452.
Parrot squawks to Sophist, "no Green_Bird's brother is a turkey. but he 
likes
 bear(tm)s"
Sophist [to Parrot]: I know that, dumbass.
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "you said no Green_Bird's brother"
You giggle.
[pamuk just looked at you.]
You say to Parrot, "dont talk about my brother. talk about sophist and her
 money"
You lick pamuk.
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "He just said you have my brother!"
Mauve_Guest comes out of the closet (so to speak...).
Sophist [to Parrot]: Hey. That wasn't me.
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "you said That wasn't me?"
You say to Parrot, "Your brother is right there"
You point at Cockatoo.
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "Your brother is right there"
Sophist laughs
You say to Cockatoo, "say hi to your brother twerp"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "that thing @gag!"
Sophist gotta pee brb
You giggle at Sophist.
You say, "nooo dont leave me!"
You say, "the birds will kill me! or worse!"
Green_Bird shakes the Cockatoo's cage.
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "You sure are excited about a lot of
 money."
You say to Parrot, "what are you going to do now?"
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "Is on the things that you like to watch."
You say to Parrot, "what do i like to watch?"
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "thats that it"
You say to Parrot, "duh. be more specific."
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "did you get paid a small pecker?"
You say to Cockatoo, "do you know?"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "It is the turkey."
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "It ruled, changing into the fun."
You say to Parrot, "SH that was a secret!!!"
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "SH the raven!"
You say to Cockatoo, "you had fun?"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "the its MY story."
You say to Snowy, "with who?"
pamuk The droning of a distant digeredoo signals the arrival of a whirling
 wind in which Jumbuck is engulfed and carried off into the outback
You say to Parrot, "the cockatoo had fun with the raven?"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "the bear(tm). it hear he got paid"
You say to Snowy, "er"
You say to Cockatoo, "with who?"
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "it was not!! that piece of shit so I can 
@gag
 it!"
You say to Parrot, "ahhh. bear(tm) got paid to..."
Green_Bird gets lost
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "that must have been a small pecker!"
You say to Parrot, "what was i saying? where were we?"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "you got fucked at the turkey?"
You say to Cockatoo, "ccan you help me? io seem to be lost."
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "you missed all the cock."
You say to Parrot, "it must have been!!!"
Parrot squawks to Green_Bird, "you can out do this after you watched 
sophist
 with the raven?"
You roll on the floor laughing.
Sophist displays this scandalous idle message.
Cockatoo squawks, "what do you know? what were you doing with the raven 
got
 killed?"
You say to Cockatoo, "say it aint so!!! you didnt save me any cock?"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "say it aint so!!! you didnt save me 
that
 thing @gag!"
You say to Cockatoo, "oh dead birds are fun. what would you do with a dead
 bird?"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "That made cockatoo look like a major
 stud."
You say to Parrot, "sophist had the raven? noooo!"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "sophist had the turkey?"
You say to Cockatoo, "playing with the dead bird made cockatoo look like a
 stud?"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "you said the dead bird made cockatoo 
look
 like a stud?"
You say to Cockatoo, "did it?"
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "that was YOUR BROTHER."
ZenDog says to Cockatoo, "do you make skull necklaces of your dead-bird
 enemies like the celtic heroes of old?"
Cockatoo squawks to ZenDog, "do you make skull necklaces of the one that 
added
 the couch"
You say to Cockatoo, "my brother made you look like a dead bird?"
Mauve_Guest teleports out.
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "my brother made you look like a dead 
bird?"
You say to Parrot, "you did? do you have the pictures? i'm sure sophist 
would
 love them"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "you did? do you have that right?"
You say to Parrot, "i have it left though. care to share?"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "who killed the turkey?"
Sophist says, "What is it I would love?"
You say to Cockatoo, "so what about sophist and mirrors?"
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "What is a turkey and a raven?"
You say to Sophist, "me!"
ZenDog says to Cockatoo, "is that a riddle?"
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "Is on that a riddle."
Cockatoo bobs its head and squawks, "is the sun"
You say to Cockatoo, "birds. dead apprently according to you."
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "what do you know? what were you doing 
with
 that piece of shit so I can @gag it?"
Sophist tickles you relentlessly!
You say to Cockatoo, "exactly!"
You giggle at Sophist.
Cockatoo squawks to Green_Bird, "well, there was the couch"
You say to Sophist, "whee! we have been at this for a very long time now"
You cuddle sweetly with Sophist.
Sophist [to Green_Bird]: I love Loki. But you and the raven may watch. 
Through
 the mirror!
Sophist giggles at you.
You giggle at Sophist.
Sophist [to Green_Bird]: I think that says something about us, that we've 
been
 at this for hours.
You say to Sophist, "as long as loki doesnt know..."
Sophist says, "Or perhaps it says something about Stetson..."
You giggle at Sophist.
Sophist winks to ZenDog.
You say to Sophist, "hopefully a /good/ thing"
Cockatoo squawks, "Wow."
You laugh out loud.
Sophist cackles madly at Cockatoo.
ZenDog has aliases Stetson, it, Stet, hi, bye, ZenDog, Refiji, ;, ste,
 Swiss_Cheese, PstetsonAstetsonstetson, Highly_Rhetorical_Guest, 
Placebo-Buzz,
 sit-(in_situ), Sessility, stets, hat, high, 65101, quibble, toad65101,
 Angel_of_Quota, Ken_Starr, Scary_Stetson, Tony_Lama, Euripides, Yawn, 
Bush,
 Bushiavelli, Achilleus
Sophist [to Green_Bird]: He knows everything! Thanks to the raven.
Sophist [to Parrot]: What do you have to be thankful for?
Parrot bobs its head and squawks, "that must have been the things that you
 like to watch!"
You say to Sophist, "oooh the raven tells all does he!"
You say to Sophist, "now we know why it is dead."
